Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/In-Game.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game
title: "Docks: In-Game"
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_InGame"
---

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [Bloxy Statue Remade Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#bloxy-statue-remade-dock) |
| [Bob The Mob Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#bob-the-mob-dock) |
| [Camp Fire Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#camp-fire-dock) |
| [Construction Barrier Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#construction-barrier-dock) |
| [Donation Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#donation-dock) |
| [Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#game-rooms-dock) |
| [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#ice-cube-tray-dock) |
| [Industrial Light Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#industrial-light-dock) |
| [Lighthouse Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#lighthouse-dock) |
| [Mine Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#mine-dock) |
| [No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [NPCs Key Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#npcs-key-dock) |
| [Roblox Icons Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#roblox-icons-dock) |
| [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#server-and-game-info-dock) |
| [Showcase Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#showcase-dock) |
| [Showcase Remastered Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#showcase-remastered-dock) |
| [The Stage](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#the-stage) |
| [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#update-logs-dock) |
| [Weird Hills Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#weird-hills-dock) |

## Bloxy Statue Remade Dock

This is BOB's re-creation of Roblox Bloxy Statue. It was made sometime after the 2018 Bloxy Awards.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](RBAP//RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Bloxy%20Statue%20Remade%20Dock.png)

## Bob The Mob Dock

BOB was inspired to make this dock after a reply to a post that BOB made on Twitter. [Click here to see what remains of the post and it's replies](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1114734536397451265).

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Bob%20the%20Mob%20Dock.png)

## Camp Fire Dock

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Camp%20Fire%20Dock.png)

## Construction Barrier Dock

This construction barrier was originally made for and in a secret project made by BOB.

The project that this is referring to has yet to make it very far in terms of progress and is unlikely to be released anytime soon. To give you an idea this dock was added shortly after BOB made the construction barrier for that project back when he was still actively working on it (before he lost commitment for it and took a very long break for the ***1st*** (and not only) time in its history) and when it was on its 1st iteration of the backend (as yes this is the project that got rewritten 3 times as mentioned in [this Tweet](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1369425968931176448)). Believe it or not there are actually more reasons than just BOB lost commitment for it as to why the project is not anywhere near done but those reasons are yet to be shared publicly.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Construction%20Barrier%20Dock.png)

## Donation Dock

After a lot of the screen UI in the game was removed this dock was added to replace the old donation screen UI. As a thank you for purchasing a donation an update before [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) added a little celebration animation after a player purchases any of the donation amounts available. In an upcoming update players who purchase any of the donation amounts will unlock that donation amount's corresponding title as a another way to say thank you for the purchase.

The prices of each of the donation amounts available is meant to be able to help the user donate the exact (or close to the) amount of Robux that they want to donate.

### Here's the list of prices for each of the donation amount available currently:

| Donation Amount | Price |
|-|-|
| #1 | 5 Robux |
| #2 | 25 Robux |
| #3 | 50 Robux |
| #4 | 100 Robux |
| #5 | 1000 Robux |
| #6 | Offsale (and hasn't been on sale for quite some time now) |

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} or {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#main-build-purchases-closed)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Donation%20Dock.png)

## Game Rooms Dock

**Note:** This is still a WIP
{: .page-notice .page-notice-info}

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`0.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

## Ice Cube Tray Dock

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice%20Cube%20Tray%20Dock.png)

## Industrial Light Dock

BOB created this light just for the fun of it. He uses it (or edited versions of it) in his projects when he needs an industrial looking light.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial%20Light%20Dock.png)

## Lighthouse Dock

BOB originally created this dock when he was trying to make cylinders out of multiple parts instead of just the cylinder object in Roblox and he considers that venture to be successful.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse%20Dock.png)

## Mine Dock

This dock was created just for the fun of it and partly because it was because BOB was testing out new stuff that he just found out how to use. This dock is one of the oldest in the game. There have been a few times in its history when it has been placed out of service but it was repaired shortly after each of those times.

| Value Name | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Mine%20Dock.png)

## No Standing Joke Dock

This was created sometime after BOB was thinking about road signs and then realized what the no standing sign says could be used literally in a joke.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png)

## NPCs Key Dock

This dock is used to help people figure out what the NPCs in the game represent. This dock was originally considered a system dock but that status was later removed when what defines a system dock was redefined.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`12`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/NPCs%20Key%20Dock.png)

## Roblox Icons Dock

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox%20Icons%20Dock.png)

## Server And Game Info Dock

This dock shows all sorts of information about the server and the game. It was originally made before [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game but for reasons unknown was not added until [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version). The system that runs the dock was completely recoded in [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version). This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Server Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#server-dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Server%20And%20Game%20Info%20Dock.png)

## Showcase Dock

This was created when BOB wanted to make a window with sunlight coming through it like he saw in other showcases (because the lighting system back then was pretty minimalistic compared to how it is now). This **is** the oldest part of the game the second oldest being the stage (more or less). This was created in the now no longer existent Roblox Legacy lighting technology and that is why it does not look as good as it did when it was made. It is very unlikely that this dock will ever be removed due to its historical value.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase%20Dock.png)

## Showcase Remastered Dock

This is recreation of the old window showcase. This one was made in the late beta of the newest Roblox lighting technology. BOB decided to make this dock just for the fun of it seeing as the old one doesn't look as good as it did when it was made.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase%20Remastered%20Dock.png)

## The Stage

The stage is one of the oldest docks in the game. It is not as old as the original window showcase but it is older than anything besides that still in the game. 

This dock has a long history of not actually being in the game. Although nowadays BOB can barely remember the reasons for this, he assumed that the dock was removed temporarily because he probably wanted to remake it at the time (which he did eventually end up doing in [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game). The reason also could have been because of lag or some code of it needing to be updated when BOB didn't feel like it.

The design of the stage has changed a little bit over the years. Here's a list of those changes or at least the ones BOB can remember:

**Note:** The list below is not really in any order and is just based off what BOB remembers so it could very well be inaccurate to an extent.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-warning}

| Change |
|-|
| The three rings on the wall above and around the center area were removed. |
| A theater-like sign was added to the wall above the center area. |
| A thing that was originally going to shoot out confetti (for unknown reasons) was added to the ceiling of the stage right above the end of the walkway nearest to the entrance. |
| The thing described in the last change was removed and replaced with a disco ball. |
| Music waves or whatever you want to call them were added. |
| The three rings were added back and merged with the theater-like sign when the stage got revamped. |
| The disco ball was removed. |

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) - This is set to 1 due to it causing technical issues if it is bigger but the stage does take up more than 1 dock entrance. |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`0.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Stage%20Dock.png)

## Update Logs Dock

This dock houses the game's update logs. Update logs listed on the dock are retrieved from the web. Currently the dock only lists the most recent update log but that may change in the future. Currently the height of each line is set manually making it a very tedious process to do but in the future BOB hopes to have it be set automatically. This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Update Logs Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#update-logs-dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Update%20Logs%20Dock.png)

## Weird Hills Dock

BOB can never be sure why exactly he made this dock as he doesn't remember why and he can't think of any reason.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Weird%20Hills%20Dock.png)

Commit message:

Added support for new page category system

Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/In-Game.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game
title: "Docks: In-Game"
short_description: "List of docks in the game"
page_categories:
  docks_category_page: true
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_InGame"
---

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [Bloxy Statue Remade Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#bloxy-statue-remade-dock) |
| [Bob The Mob Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#bob-the-mob-dock) |
| [Camp Fire Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#camp-fire-dock) |
| [Construction Barrier Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#construction-barrier-dock) |
| [Donation Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#donation-dock) |
| [Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#game-rooms-dock) |
| [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#ice-cube-tray-dock) |
| [Industrial Light Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#industrial-light-dock) |
| [Lighthouse Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#lighthouse-dock) |
| [Mine Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#mine-dock) |
| [No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [NPCs Key Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#npcs-key-dock) |
| [Roblox Icons Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#roblox-icons-dock) |
| [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#server-and-game-info-dock) |
| [Showcase Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#showcase-dock) |
| [Showcase Remastered Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#showcase-remastered-dock) |
| [The Stage](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#the-stage) |
| [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#update-logs-dock) |
| [Weird Hills Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#weird-hills-dock) |

## Bloxy Statue Remade Dock

This is BOB's re-creation of Roblox Bloxy Statue. It was made sometime after the 2018 Bloxy Awards.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](RBAP//RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Bloxy%20Statue%20Remade%20Dock.png)

## Bob The Mob Dock

BOB was inspired to make this dock after a reply to a post that BOB made on Twitter. [Click here to see what remains of the post and it's replies](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1114734536397451265).

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Bob%20the%20Mob%20Dock.png)

## Camp Fire Dock

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Camp%20Fire%20Dock.png)

## Construction Barrier Dock

This construction barrier was originally made for and in a secret project made by BOB.

The project that this is referring to has yet to make it very far in terms of progress and is unlikely to be released anytime soon. To give you an idea this dock was added shortly after BOB made the construction barrier for that project back when he was still actively working on it (before he lost commitment for it and took a very long break for the ***1st*** (and not only) time in its history) and when it was on its 1st iteration of the backend (as yes this is the project that got rewritten 3 times as mentioned in [this Tweet](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1369425968931176448)). Believe it or not there are actually more reasons than just BOB lost commitment for it as to why the project is not anywhere near done but those reasons are yet to be shared publicly.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Construction%20Barrier%20Dock.png)

## Donation Dock

After a lot of the screen UI in the game was removed this dock was added to replace the old donation screen UI. As a thank you for purchasing a donation an update before [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) added a little celebration animation after a player purchases any of the donation amounts available. In an upcoming update players who purchase any of the donation amounts will unlock that donation amount's corresponding title as a another way to say thank you for the purchase.

The prices of each of the donation amounts available is meant to be able to help the user donate the exact (or close to the) amount of Robux that they want to donate.

### Here's the list of prices for each of the donation amount available currently:

| Donation Amount | Price |
|-|-|
| #1 | 5 Robux |
| #2 | 25 Robux |
| #3 | 50 Robux |
| #4 | 100 Robux |
| #5 | 1000 Robux |
| #6 | Offsale (and hasn't been on sale for quite some time now) |

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} or {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#main-build-purchases-closed)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Donation%20Dock.png)

## Game Rooms Dock

**Note:** This is still a WIP
{: .page-notice .page-notice-info}

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`0.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

## Ice Cube Tray Dock

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice%20Cube%20Tray%20Dock.png)

## Industrial Light Dock

BOB created this light just for the fun of it. He uses it (or edited versions of it) in his projects when he needs an industrial looking light.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial%20Light%20Dock.png)

## Lighthouse Dock

BOB originally created this dock when he was trying to make cylinders out of multiple parts instead of just the cylinder object in Roblox and he considers that venture to be successful.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse%20Dock.png)

## Mine Dock

This dock was created just for the fun of it and partly because it was because BOB was testing out new stuff that he just found out how to use. This dock is one of the oldest in the game. There have been a few times in its history when it has been placed out of service but it was repaired shortly after each of those times.

| Value Name | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Mine%20Dock.png)

## No Standing Joke Dock

This was created sometime after BOB was thinking about road signs and then realized what the no standing sign says could be used literally in a joke.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png)

## NPCs Key Dock

This dock is used to help people figure out what the NPCs in the game represent. This dock was originally considered a system dock but that status was later removed when what defines a system dock was redefined.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`12`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/NPCs%20Key%20Dock.png)

## Roblox Icons Dock

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox%20Icons%20Dock.png)

## Server And Game Info Dock

This dock shows all sorts of information about the server and the game. It was originally made before [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game but for reasons unknown was not added until [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version). The system that runs the dock was completely recoded in [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version). This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Server Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#server-dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Server%20And%20Game%20Info%20Dock.png)

## Showcase Dock

This was created when BOB wanted to make a window with sunlight coming through it like he saw in other showcases (because the lighting system back then was pretty minimalistic compared to how it is now). This **is** the oldest part of the game the second oldest being the stage (more or less). This was created in the now no longer existent Roblox Legacy lighting technology and that is why it does not look as good as it did when it was made. It is very unlikely that this dock will ever be removed due to its historical value.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase%20Dock.png)

## Showcase Remastered Dock

This is recreation of the old window showcase. This one was made in the late beta of the newest Roblox lighting technology. BOB decided to make this dock just for the fun of it seeing as the old one doesn't look as good as it did when it was made.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase%20Remastered%20Dock.png)

## The Stage

The stage is one of the oldest docks in the game. It is not as old as the original window showcase but it is older than anything besides that still in the game. 

This dock has a long history of not actually being in the game. Although nowadays BOB can barely remember the reasons for this, he assumed that the dock was removed temporarily because he probably wanted to remake it at the time (which he did eventually end up doing in [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game). The reason also could have been because of lag or some code of it needing to be updated when BOB didn't feel like it.

The design of the stage has changed a little bit over the years. Here's a list of those changes or at least the ones BOB can remember:

**Note:** The list below is not really in any order and is just based off what BOB remembers so it could very well be inaccurate to an extent.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-warning}

| Change |
|-|
| The three rings on the wall above and around the center area were removed. |
| A theater-like sign was added to the wall above the center area. |
| A thing that was originally going to shoot out confetti (for unknown reasons) was added to the ceiling of the stage right above the end of the walkway nearest to the entrance. |
| The thing described in the last change was removed and replaced with a disco ball. |
| Music waves or whatever you want to call them were added. |
| The three rings were added back and merged with the theater-like sign when the stage got revamped. |
| The disco ball was removed. |

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) - This is set to 1 due to it causing technical issues if it is bigger but the stage does take up more than 1 dock entrance. |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`0.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Stage%20Dock.png)

## Update Logs Dock

This dock houses the game's update logs. Update logs listed on the dock are retrieved from the web. Currently the dock only lists the most recent update log but that may change in the future. Currently the height of each line is set manually making it a very tedious process to do but in the future BOB hopes to have it be set automatically. This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Update Logs Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#update-logs-dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Update%20Logs%20Dock.png)

## Weird Hills Dock

BOB can never be sure why exactly he made this dock as he doesn't remember why and he can't think of any reason.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/In-Game#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Weird%20Hills%20Dock.png)
