Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/Joke.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke
title: "Docks: Joke"
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_Joke"
---

**Warning! If you are on BOB's Roblox friends list the following contains spoilers** to stuff you may accidentally come across.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

Docks that are considered joke docks only appear in a special server in RBAP and completely don't exist on any other server. Each joke currently has its own dock type that also will only appear in that server and completely doesn't exist in any other servers. The special server is only accessible to people on BOB's Roblox friends list.

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [404 Dock Not Found Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#404-dock-not-found-dock) |
| [Default Roblox Base Plate Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#default-roblox-base-plate-dock) |
| [Lazy Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#lazy-dock) |
| [Other No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#other-no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [Statue Of BOB Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#statue-of-bob-dock) |
| [Weird Character Physics Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#weird-character-physics-dock) |

## 404 Dock Not Found Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/404%20Dock%20Not%20Found%20Dock.png)

## Default Roblox Base Plate Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Default%20Roblox%20Base%20Plate%20Dock.png)

## Lazy Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Lazy%20Dock.png)

## Other No Standing Joke Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Other%20No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png)

## Statue Of BOB Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Statue%20Of%20BOB%20Dock.png)

## Weird Character Physics Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Weird%20Character%20Physics%20Dock.png)

Commit message:

Added support for new page category system

Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/Joke.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke
title: "Docks: Joke"
short_description: "List of joke docks in the game"
page_categories:
  docks_category_page: true
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_Joke"
---

**Warning! If you are on BOB's Roblox friends list the following contains spoilers** to stuff you may accidentally come across.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

Docks that are considered joke docks only appear in a special server in RBAP and completely don't exist on any other server. Each joke currently has its own dock type that also will only appear in that server and completely doesn't exist in any other servers. The special server is only accessible to people on BOB's Roblox friends list.

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [404 Dock Not Found Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#404-dock-not-found-dock) |
| [Default Roblox Base Plate Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#default-roblox-base-plate-dock) |
| [Lazy Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#lazy-dock) |
| [Other No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#other-no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [Statue Of BOB Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#statue-of-bob-dock) |
| [Weird Character Physics Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Joke#weird-character-physics-dock) |

## 404 Dock Not Found Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/404%20Dock%20Not%20Found%20Dock.png)

## Default Roblox Base Plate Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Default%20Roblox%20Base%20Plate%20Dock.png)

## Lazy Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Lazy%20Dock.png)

## Other No Standing Joke Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Other%20No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png)

## Statue Of BOB Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Statue%20Of%20BOB%20Dock.png)

## Weird Character Physics Dock

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke%20Docks/Weird%20Character%20Physics%20Dock.png)
