Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/Removed.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed
title: "Docks: Removed"
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_Removed"
---

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [Color Blocks Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#color-blocks-dock) |
| [Color Mixer Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#color-mixer-dock) |
| [Events Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#events-dock) |

## Color Blocks Dock

This is an old dock that was used to test out Roblox's [`ClickDetector`](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/class/ClickDetector) object. It was later removed from the game due to how small and useless it is. It is very unlikely that the dock will ever come back.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Color%20Blocks%20Dock.png)

## Color Mixer Dock

In this dock you were able to select a color and it would show up on the machine. This dock was removed from the game for multiple reasons among them are it needing to be completely recoded and the concept of it being *too* simple. Unlike the Color Blocks Dock this dock has a chance of returning although it is still unlikely.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Color%20Mixer%20Dock.png)

## Events Dock

This dock was used to display recent events from many different places. When there was an event the dock entrance would be open and the dock would have a specially-designed set on it for the event. After a little while BOB tended to not use it as much then as a result it later became pretty irrelevant so it got removed. Like the Color Mixer Dock it is very unlikely that this will ever be added back.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Events%20Dock.png)

Commit message:

Added support for new page category system

Wiki/Docks-Category-Pages/Removed.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed
title: "Docks: Removed"
short_description: "List of docks that were removed from the game"
page_categories:
  docks_category_page: true
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DocksCategory_Removed"
---

### Docks in this category:

| Dock |
|-|
| [Color Blocks Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#color-blocks-dock) |
| [Color Mixer Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#color-mixer-dock) |
| [Events Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/Removed#events-dock) |

## Color Blocks Dock

This is an old dock that was used to test out Roblox's [`ClickDetector`](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/class/ClickDetector) object. It was later removed from the game due to how small and useless it is. It is very unlikely that the dock will ever come back.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Color%20Blocks%20Dock.png)

## Color Mixer Dock

In this dock you were able to select a color and it would show up on the machine. This dock was removed from the game for multiple reasons among them are it needing to be completely recoded and the concept of it being *too* simple. Unlike the Color Blocks Dock this dock has a chance of returning although it is still unlikely.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Color%20Mixer%20Dock.png)

## Events Dock

This dock was used to display recent events from many different places. When there was an event the dock entrance would be open and the dock would have a specially-designed set on it for the event. After a little while BOB tended to not use it as much then as a result it later became pretty irrelevant so it got removed. Like the Color Mixer Dock it is very unlikely that this will ever be added back.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types#open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |

![](/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Events%20Dock.png)
