Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Color-Mixer-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/color-mixer-dock
title: "Dock: Color Mixer Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Color-Mixer-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Color Mixer Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Color-Mixer-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

In this dock you were able to select a color and it would show up on the machine. This dock was removed from the game for multiple reasons among them are it needing to be completely recoded and the concept of it being *too* simple. Unlike the Color Blocks Dock this dock has a chance of returning although it is still unlikely.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   |  |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types#open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Color-Mixer-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Color-Mixer-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/color-mixer-dock
title: "Dock: Color Mixer Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Color-Mixer-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Color Mixer Dock"
      search:
        name: "Color Mixer Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Color Mixer Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Color-Mixer-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Open</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "The text animation has been made to be a little bit more cleaner."
      - "The pipe out the back now has brighter particles coming out of it."
      - "Allowed for a wider variety of colors to be available by adding more space for each color."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "The ground material has been changed from the default gray + no detail."
---

In this dock you were able to select a color and it would show up on the machine. This dock was removed from the game for multiple reasons among them are it needing to be completely recoded and the concept of it being *too* simple. Unlike the Color Blocks Dock this dock has a chance of returning although it is still unlikely.

# History

{% include history %}
