Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock
title: "Dock: Server And Game Info Dock"
used_set_notices:
  removed_dock: true
  v5_game_info_dock_merged: true
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Server And Game Info Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Server Dock`](/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Server-Dock)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

This dock shows all sorts of information about the server and the game. It was originally made before [`V3`](/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0) of the game but for reasons unknown was not added until [`V3`](/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0). The system that runs the dock was completely recoded in [`V4`](/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0). This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   |  |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Server Dock`](/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Server-Dock) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "Assets/Images/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

Added just the redirect_from values

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock
title: "Dock: Server And Game Info Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock
used_set_notices:
  removed_dock: true
  v5_game_info_dock_merged: true
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Server And Game Info Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Server Dock`](/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Server-Dock)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

This dock shows all sorts of information about the server and the game. It was originally made before [`V3`](/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0) of the game but for reasons unknown was not added until [`V3`](/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0). The system that runs the dock was completely recoded in [`V4`](/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0). This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   |  |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Server Dock`](/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Server-Dock) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "Assets/Images/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">
