Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Update-Logs-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/update-logs-dock
title: "Dock: Update Logs Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock
used_set_notices:
  removed_dock: true
  v5_game_info_dock_merged: true
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Update Logs Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Update Logs Dock`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/update-logs-dock)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

This dock houses the game's update logs. Update logs listed on the dock are retrieved from the web. Currently the dock only lists the most recent update log but that may change in the future. This dock has always been considered a system dock.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   |  |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Update Logs Dock`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/update-logs-dock" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Removed/Update-Logs-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/update-logs-dock
title: "Dock: Update Logs Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Update Logs Dock"
      search:
        name: "Update Logs Dock"
used_set_notices:
  removed_dock: true
  v5_game_info_dock_merged: true
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Update Logs Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Update Logs Dock</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Added this dock."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.1.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "The overall amount of space dedicated to a change is now determined automatically instead of manually."
      - "The text size of each change is now the same."
      - "There is now a wider gap in between each change."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.1.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "Fixed this dock."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V5.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Took the contents of this dock and moved them to the <code>Dock / Game Info Dock</code>."
      - "Removed this dock."
---

This dock houses the game's update logs. Update logs listed on the dock are retrieved from the web. Currently the dock only lists the most recent update log but that may change in the future. This dock has always been considered a system dock.

# History

{% include history %}
