Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/404-Dock-Not-Found
title: "Dock: 404 Dock Not Found"
page_subject_info:
  title: "404 Dock Not Found"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/404-Dock-Not-Found)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---



| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/404-Dock-Not-Found)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added some info about joke docks

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/404-Dock-Not-Found
title: "Dock: 404 Dock Not Found"
page_subject_info:
  title: "404 Dock Not Found"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/404-Dock-Not-Found)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

This dock is yet another easy joke BOB made. In order to pull off the "non-existent dock" there is actually a dock there it's just hidden.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/404-Dock-Not-Found)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/404-Dock-Not-Found.png" alt="">
