Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Lazy-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Lazy-Dock
title: "Dock: Lazy Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Lazy Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Lazy-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Lazy Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Lazy-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---



| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Lazy Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Lazy-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Lazy-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added some info about joke docks

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Lazy-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Lazy-Dock
title: "Dock: Lazy Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Lazy Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Lazy-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Lazy Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Lazy-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

This dock is mostly just an easy joke BOB made due to the current dock entrance system having the ability to have the gates down and still have the bridge up which was not possible in the previous system.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Lazy Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Lazy-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Lazy-Dock.png" alt="">
