Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock
title: "Dock: Other No Standing Joke Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Other No Standing Joke Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Other No Standing Joke Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

Under the hood this is the same dock as the no standing joke dock with one minor difference... instead of doing something to your character this one does a different surprise. Note that the surprise will never be listed on the wiki and is kept a secret due to it being a surprise.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | `1` |
| Entrances Centered On  | {`1`} |
| Dock Types Used        | {`1` = [`Other No Standing Joke Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | `2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added some changes that I didn't make recently
These changes have been waiting for me to add them for at least a month at this point.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock
title: "Dock: Other No Standing Joke Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Other No Standing Joke Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Other No Standing Joke Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

**Note:** As of [`V4.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-2-0) this dock is currently unused and cannot be seen anywhere in the game.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-warning}

Under the hood this is the same dock as the no standing joke dock with one minor difference... instead of doing something to your character this one does a different surprise. Note that the surprise will never be listed on the wiki and is kept a secret due to it being a surprise.

This dock was removed along with the release of [`V4.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-2-0) due to backend systems that the surprise of this dock relies on being removed in that update.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | `1` |
| Entrances Centered On  | {`1`} |
| Dock Types Used        | {`1` = [`Other No Standing Joke Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | `2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Other-No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png" alt="">
