Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock
title: "Dock: Weird Character Physics Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Weird Character Physics Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Weird Character Physics Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---



| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Weird Character Physics Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added some info about joke docks

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock
title: "Dock: Weird Character Physics Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Weird Character Physics Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Weird Character Physics Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

The thing that is special about this dock is when you move your character on to it the physics of your character are forced to be rendered by the server. For context usually your client renders your character's physics not the server.

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance |  |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Weird Character Physics Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Joke/Weird-Character-Physics-Dock.png" alt="">
