Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Bob-The-Mob-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/bob-the-mob-dock
title: "Dock: Bob the Mob Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Bob-The-Mob-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Bob the Mob Dock"
    color: "#00ffc8"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Bob-The-Mob-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

BOB was inspired to make this dock after a reply to a post that BOB made on Twitter. [Click here to see what remains of the post and it's replies](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1114734536397451265).

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Bob-The-Mob-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Bob-The-Mob-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/bob-the-mob-dock
title: "Dock: Bob the Mob Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Bob-The-Mob-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Bob the Mob Dock"
      search:
        name: "Bob the Mob Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Bob the Mob Dock"
    color: "#00ffc8"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Bob-The-Mob-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Open</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "The username in the signs describing where the inspiration came from now auto updates."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "The primary sign (the one that displays the name of the dock) now uses a white colored text instead of a black color text making it easier to read."
---

BOB was inspired to make this dock after a reply to a post that BOB made on Twitter. [Click here to see what remains of the post and it's replies](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1114734536397451265).

# History

{% include history %}
