Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Construction-Barrier-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/construction-barrier-dock
title: "Dock: Construction Barrier Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Construction Barrier Dock"
    color: "#ff9600"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

This construction barrier was originally made for and in a secret project made by BOB.

The project that this is referring to is a secret abandoned project that BOB was working on (to some extent). To give you an idea this dock was added shortly after BOB made the construction barrier for that project back when he was still actively working on it (before he lost commitment for it and took a very long break for the ***1st*** (and not only) time in its history) and when it was on its 1st iteration of the backend (as yes this is the project that got rewritten 3 times as mentioned in [this Tweet](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1369425968931176448)). Believe it or not there are actually more reasons than just BOB lost commitment for it as to why the project was not anywhere near done but those reasons are yet to be shared publicly. Refer to the page for the [Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) and the [`V5.2`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0" | relative_url -}}) update log for more info on what happened to it in the end of it all.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Construction-Barrier-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/construction-barrier-dock
title: "Dock: Construction Barrier Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Construction Barrier Dock"
      search:
        name: "Construction Barrier Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Construction Barrier Dock"
    color: "#ff9600"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Open</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Added this dock."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "The ground material has been changed from the default gray + no detail."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Fixed some inefficiencies in the system that runs this dock."
---

This construction barrier was originally made for and in a secret project made by BOB.

The project that this is referring to is a secret abandoned project that BOB was working on (to some extent). To give you an idea this dock was added shortly after BOB made the construction barrier for that project back when he was still actively working on it (before he lost commitment for it and took a very long break for the ***1st*** (and not only) time in its history) and when it was on its 1st iteration of the backend (as yes this is the project that got rewritten 3 times as mentioned in [this Tweet](https://twitter.com/ThisBeBOB_/status/1369425968931176448)). Believe it or not there are actually more reasons than just BOB lost commitment for it as to why the project was not anywhere near done but those reasons are yet to be shared publicly. Refer to the page for the <code>Dock / Game Rooms Dock / Game Room 3</code> and the <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code> update log for more info on what happened to it in the end of it all.

# History

{% include history %}
