Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Donation-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Donation-Dock
title: "Dock: Donation Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Donation Dock"
  color: "#96fa96"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Donation-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`2`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Open)} or {`1` = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Main-Build-Purchases-Closed)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`2`"
---

After a lot of the screen UI in the game was removed this dock was added to replace the old donation screen UI. As a thank you for purchasing a donation an update before [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0) added a little celebration animation after a player purchases any of the donation amounts available. [`V4.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-1-0) added another way to thank you for your donation which is when you purchase any of the donation amounts available you will get that donation amount's corresponding title.

The prices of each of the donation amounts available is meant to be able to help the user donate the exact (or close to the) amount of Robux that they want to donate.

### Here's the list of prices for each of the donation amount available currently:

| Donation Amount | Price |
|-|-|
| #1 | 5 Robux |
| #2 | 25 Robux |
| #3 | 50 Robux |
| #4 | 100 Robux |
| #5 | 250 Robux |
| #6 | 1000 Robux |

| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Open)} or {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Main-Build-Purchases-Closed)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Donation-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

V5.0.0 has arrived!
This commit also includes a LOT of other unrelated changes as well.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Donation-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Donations-Dock
title: "Dock: Donations Dock"
notices:
  - text: "**Note:** This dock is currently not in the game due to a bug on Roblox's end. It is unknown when or if it's going to be fixed."
    type: "warning"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Donations Dock"
  color: "#96fa96"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Donations-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`2`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Donations Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Donations-Dock)} or {`1` = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Main-Build-Purchases-Closed)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

After a lot of the screen UI in the game was removed this dock was added to replace the old donation screen UI. As a thank you for purchasing a donation an update before [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0) added a little celebration animation after a player purchases any of the donation amounts available. [`V4.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-1-0) added another way to thank you for your donation which is when you purchase any of the donation amounts available you will get that donation amount's corresponding title.

The prices of each of the donation amounts available is meant to be able to help the user donate the exact (or close to the) amount of Robux that they want to donate.

### Here's the list of prices for each of the donation amount available currently:

| Donation Amount | Price |
|-|-|
| #1 | 5 Robux |
| #2 | 25 Robux |
| #3 | 50 Robux |
| #4 | 100 Robux |
| #5 | 250 Robux |
| #6 | 1000 Robux |

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `2` |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Donations Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Donations-Dock)} or {`1` = [`Main Build Purchases Closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Main-Build-Purchases-Closed)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Donations-Dock.png" alt="">
