Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Game-Rooms-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock
title: "Dock: Game Rooms Dock"
page_wip: true
page_subject_info:
  title: "Game Rooms Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Centered On"
          value: "{`1`}"
        - key: "Dock Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`0.2`"
---



| Value Name             | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Used         | [`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
| Entrances Centered On  | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number)} |
| Dock Types Used        | {[`1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On         | [`0.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#number) |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock.png" alt="">

## Four Corners

Four Corners is a classic game where there are four corners and only one of them will (in this case) be sunk. The four colors to choose from are red, green, purple, and blue. As of [`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0) this game only has one round due to how the dock was originally envisioned. This game was made to be a remake of the Four Corners game of the old game rooms dock. Fun fact: The color to be eliminated is chosen right as the central part starts to sink although it is not presented to the player that quickly.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Four-Corners.png" alt="">

## Four Corners: Reversed

This is basically the exact same thing as the Four Corners game but of course only one color is safe instead of three being safe. Like the (normal) Four Corners, this game was made to be a remake of the Four Corners: Reversed game of the old game rooms dock.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Four-Corners-Reversed.png" alt="">

## Game Says

This game is basically the equivalent to a commonly played game called Simon Says. How this game works is the main sign will give some instruction along with who said the instruction and if the game is one who said it you should do it it says but if it isn't you should do the opposite of what it says. It purposely does not give you much time to think about the instructions before the barriers are enabled and platforms start sinking. This game used to have 10 rounds but was lowered down to 5 rounds in the update [`V4.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-1-0). Unlike the other two games currently available this one is **not** a remake of a previous game from the old game rooms dock. Rather it is a replacement for the game from the old game rooms dock called Find The Right Color and (for the time being at least) the harder variant of it called Find The Right Color: Harder And Harder.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Game-Says.png" alt="">

Commit message:

V5.0.0 has arrived!
This commit also includes a LOT of other unrelated changes as well.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Game-Rooms-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock
title: "Dock: Game Rooms Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Game Rooms Dock"
  color: "#a3a2a5"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Middle Side 2`"
---



| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `1` |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Middle Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock.png" alt="">

## Four Corners

Four Corners is a classic game where there are four corners and only one of them will (in this case) be sunk. The four colors to choose from are red, green, blue, and Unbitterness' favorite color. This game used to only have 1 round due to how the dock was originally envisioned but in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) it was increased to 5. This game was made to be a remake of the Four Corners game of the [Old Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock).

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Four-Corners.png" alt="">

## Four Corners: Reversed

This is basically the exact same game as the Four Corners game but of course only one color is safe instead of three being safe. Like the normal Four Corners, this game was made to be a remake of the Four Corners: Reversed game of the [Old Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock).

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Four-Corners-Reversed.png" alt="">

## Game Says

This game is basically the equivalent to a commonly played game called Simon Says. How this game works is the main sign will give some instruction along with who said the instruction and if the game is one who said it you should do it it says but if it isn't you should do the opposite of what it says. It purposely does not give you much time to think about the instructions before the barriers are enabled and platforms start sinking. This game used to have 10 rounds but was lowered down to 5 rounds in [`V4.1`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-1-0) and then up to 7 in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). Unlike the Four Corners games this one is **not** a remake of a previous game from the old game rooms dock. Rather it is a replacement for the game from the [Old Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock) called Find The Right Color and (for the time being at least) the harder variant of it called Find The Right Color: Harder And Harder.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Game-Says.png" alt="">

## Light Chaser

This game was added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). How this game works is players must chase around a constantly moving light until it eventually stops. When it stops all platforms that it is not on will be lowered. The point at which it stops is randomly determined every time the light moves.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Rooms-Games/Light-Chaser.png" alt="">
