Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Game-Info-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Game-Info-Dock
title: "Dock: Game Info Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Game Info Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Info-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Game Info Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Game-Info-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

The Game Info Dock is a dock added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). Its purpose is to hold signs that display all sorts of information about the game; rather than giving each sign its own dock which is not space efficient at all. Although (unlike the Credits Sign) there is no direct proof of it, the Idea for the dock has been around longer than [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) but the extent of that is unknown. This dock is just meant to help save space and put everything in a centralized place instead of everything being spread out all over the map in their own docks. This dock has always been considered a system dock (for what should be obvious reasons). This dock was the first dock to use BOB's new sign design although as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) BOB has yet to decide whether all signs will be changed to it or not.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `1` |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Game Info Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Game-Info-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Info-Dock.png" alt="">

# Signs on the dock:

## Server And Game Info Sign

This sign was originally pulled from the old [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock) at the time that this dock was created. Besides going through a visual redesign when the dock was being created, as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) nothing else has changed.

## Update Logs Sign

This sign was originally pulled from the old [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock) at the time that this dock was created. Besides going through a visual redesign when the dock was being created, as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) nothing else has changed.

## Credits Sign

This sign displays the game's credits and is not pulled from a previously existing dock. This sign was added along with the dock however the idea for this sign dates back to before [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) even entered production.

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Game-Info-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Game-Info-Dock
title: "Dock: Game Info Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Game Info Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Info-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Game Info Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Game-Info-Dock)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

The Game Info Dock is a dock added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). Its purpose is to hold signs that display all sorts of information about the game; rather than giving each sign its own dock which is not space efficient at all. Although (unlike the Credits Sign) there is no direct proof of it, the idea for the dock has been around longer than [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) but the extent of that is unknown. This dock is just meant to help save space and put everything in a centralized place instead of everything being spread out all over the map in their own docks. This dock has always been considered a system dock (for what should be obvious reasons). This dock was the first dock to use BOB's new sign design although currently BOB has yet to decide whether all signs will be changed to it or not.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `1` |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Game Info Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Game-Info-Dock)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Game-Info-Dock.png" alt="">

# Signs on the dock:

## Server And Game Info Sign

This sign was originally pulled from the old [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock) at the time that this dock was created. Besides going through a visual redesign when the dock was being created, currently nothing else has changed.

## Update Logs Sign

This sign was originally pulled from the old [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock) at the time that this dock was created. Besides going through a visual redesign when the dock was being created, currently nothing else has changed.

## Credits Sign

This sign displays the game's credits and is not pulled from a previously existing dock. This sign was added along with the dock however the idea for this sign dates back to before [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) even entered production.
