Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/ice-cube-tray-dock
title: "Dock: Ice Cube Tray Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Ice Cube Tray Dock"
    color: "#64C8FF"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

Made #30 a thing
Or to be more exact most info text that was on docks so been removed and some of that text was edited then added to the wiki.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/ice-cube-tray-dock
title: "Dock: Ice Cube Tray Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Ice Cube Tray Dock"
    color: "#64C8FF"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

The ice cube tray on this dock was created when BOB thought of it when he was off to go to bed but because of him thinking that it would be entirely possible to make it he went back to his computer and created it shortly after coming up with it. It was entirely made just based on memory and completely from scratch. For the most part the ice cube tray (and the snow cubes) have remained unchanged ever since.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">
