Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Industrial-Light-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock
title: "Dock: Industrial Light Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Industrial Light Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

BOB created this light just for the fun of it. He uses it (or edited versions of it) in his projects when he needs an industrial looking light.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Industrial-Light-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock
title: "Dock: Industrial Light Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Industrial Light Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

BOB created this light just for the fun of it. He used to use it (or edited versions of it) in his projects when he needed an industrial looking light.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Industrial-Light-Dock.png" alt="">
