Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Lighthouse-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock
title: "Dock: Lighthouse Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Lighthouse Dock"
  color: "#FF4B4B"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

BOB originally created this dock when he was trying to make cylinders out of multiple parts instead of just the cylinder object in Roblox and he considers that venture to be successful.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Lighthouse-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock
title: "Dock: Lighthouse Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Lighthouse Dock"
  color: "#FF4B4B"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "*None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

BOB originally created this dock when he was trying to make cylinders out of multiple parts instead of just the cylinder object in Roblox. He considers that venture to be successful.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Lighthouse-Dock.png" alt="">
