Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock
title: "Dock: Moving Spotlight Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Moving Spotlight Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`3` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to `Main Side 2`"
---

The Moving Spotlight Dock is an interactive dock which contains an edited spotlight model which has the ability to move. When a player is on the dock the spotlight will keep attempting to focus on their character's head. This dock was made sort of as the test to see if BOB could make a spotlight move using only Roblox physics. This dock also holds one of the [Snow Cube](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Snow-Cubes) model's many appearances.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `3` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | "`Main Side 1` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added new dock expiration time

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock
title: "Dock: Moving Spotlight Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Moving Spotlight Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`3` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to `Main Side 2`"
---

The Moving Spotlight Dock is an interactive dock which contains an edited spotlight model which has the ability to move. When a player is on the dock the spotlight will keep attempting to focus on their character's head. This dock was made sort of as the test to see if BOB could make a spotlight move using only Roblox physics. This dock also holds one of the [Snow Cube](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Snow-Cubes) model's many appearances.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `3` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | "`Main Side 1` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock.png" alt="">
