Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/No-Standing-Joke-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/no-standing-joke-dock
title: "Dock: No Standing Joke Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/No-Standing-Joke-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "No Standing Joke Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

This was created sometime after BOB was thinking about road signs and then realized what the no standing sign says could be used literally in a joke.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/No-Standing-Joke-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/no-standing-joke-dock
title: "Dock: No Standing Joke Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/No-Standing-Joke-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "No Standing Joke Dock"
      search:
        name: "No Standing Joke Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "No Standing Joke Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/No-Standing-Joke-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Open</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "The player will now only be killed if that player stops moving."
      - "Added a 1 in 10 chance of exploding when killed by this dock."
  - time: "???"
    changes:
      - "Changed the 1 in 10 chance of exploding when killed by this dock to a 1 in 15 chance."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "The ground material has been changed from the default gray + no detail."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "This dock is now much more good at detecting players."
---

This was created sometime after BOB was thinking about road signs and then realized what the no standing sign says could be used literally in a joke.

# History

{% include history %}
