Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/NPCs-Key-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/npcs-key-dock
title: "Dock: NPCs Key Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/NPCs-Key-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "NPCs Key Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/NPCs-Key-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "`15`"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`NPCs Key Dock`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/npcs-key-dock)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

This dock is used to help people figure out what the NPCs in the game represent. This dock was originally considered a system dock but that status was later removed when what defines a system dock was redefined. It was later reconsidered a system dock in [`V5`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/5-0-0" | relative_url -}}) due to BOB taking some time to think about what "system dock" should mean in the context of this dock.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `15` |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`NPCs Key Dock`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/npcs-key-dock" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/NPCs-Key-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/NPCs-Key-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/npcs-key-dock
title: "Dock: NPCs Key Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/NPCs-Key-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "NPCs Key Dock"
      search:
        name: "NPCs Key Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "NPCs Key Dock"
#    color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/NPCs-Key-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "`15`"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / NPCs Key Dock</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 1`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Roblox characters that are of BOB or RBAP’s System now auto update."
      - "The pedestals that the characters stand on have been remade."
      - "The invisible barrier in front of the characters has been removed."
      - "There is now a sign behind the characters explaining what that dock is."
      - "Wendalilah’s (old/current) Roblox character has been added to the list."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "The ground material has been changed from the default gray + no detail."
      - "This dock lost its system dock status and this dock's dock entrance got set to type <code>Dock Entrance / Open</code>."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.1.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "Fixed the value of the reserved dock entrance setting to what it should have been but wasn't due to an oversight after a map extension."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V5.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "This dock has been given back its system dock status."
---

This dock is used to help people figure out what the NPCs in the game represent. This dock was originally considered a system dock but that status was later removed when what defines a system dock was redefined. It was later reconsidered a system dock in <code>RBAP Update / V5.0.0</code> due to BOB taking some time to think about what "system dock" should mean in the context of this dock.

# History

{% include history %}
