Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/old-game-rooms-dock
title: "Dock: Old Game Rooms Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Old Game Rooms Dock"
    color: "#a3a2a5"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "`14`"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`3`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Closed`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/Closed)[NewLine]`2` = [`Temporarily Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open) or [`Temporarily Open - Closing Soon`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open-closing-soon) or [`Temporarily Open - Closed Live`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open-closed-live)[NewLine]`3` = [`Closed`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/Closed)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

This is the original game rooms dock. This dock was created to give the player something to do in the game. Although not widely credited for the help, BOB had play testing help from Unbitterness before its release. Before its removal it had remained largely unchanged since it was added. The [replacement for this dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) is in the same location as this dock used to be.

This dock was removed in a small ceremony added in [`V4`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/4-0-0" | relative_url -}}) as (in that same update) the [replacement for the dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) had finally been enabled and made playable. The reason for replacement and then removal is pretty simple: The backend of the dock was/is not really up-to-date with BOB's current way of coding and was/is quite dated and pretty inefficient. Before it was removed BOB made sure that the [replacement dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) had a good replacement for all the features of this dock so no one would feel like major features were lost.

Although this dock is largely considered removed it can still be seen in the game on the 24th of any month (in the time zone the game uses). This easter egg was added in [`V5`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/5-0-0" | relative_url -}}) and the day was chosen by Unbitterness. This easter egg is meant to be a tribute to Unbitterness for helping out with the creation of this dock which was largely uncredited for a while.

Although she did choose the 24th (on June 24th 2021 (that's where it came from)) she had no idea that it would be used for this. BOB decided not to tell her until a little while after she chose it for the fun of it.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `14` |
| Entrances Used           | `3` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Closed`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/Closed" | relative_url -}}), `2` = [`Temporarily Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open" | relative_url -}}) or [`Temporarily Open - Closing Soon`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open-closing-soon" | relative_url -}}) or [`Temporarily Open - Closed Live`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/temporarily-open-closed-live" | relative_url -}}), `3` = [`Closed`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/Closed" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/old-game-rooms-dock
title: "Dock: Old Game Rooms Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Old Game Rooms Dock"
      search:
        name: "Old Game Rooms Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Old Game Rooms Dock"
    color: "#a3a2a5"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Old-Game-Rooms-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "`14`"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`3`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Closed</code>[NewLine]`2` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Temporarily Open</code> or <code>Dock Entrance Type / Temporarily Open - Closing Soon</code> or <code>Dock Entrance Type / Temporarily Open - Closed Live</code>[NewLine]`3` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Closed</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.1.1</code>"
    changes:
      - "Fixed the value of the reserved dock entrance setting to what it should have been but wasn't due to an oversight after a map extension."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "This dock will not appear in new servers after 5/23/2020 along with existing servers having the dock entrance gate getting raised."
  - time: "Start of 5/24/2020 (PDT)"
    changes:
      - "Removed this dock (live)."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V5.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "This dock will now be added back on the 24th of any month and then removed shortly after the end of the day."
      - "Attempted to fix a bug where the text and the background color of the UI on the signs would Z-fight. (*Note that this change was deliberately left untested initially.*)"
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V6.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Retried at attempting to fix a bug where the text and the background color of the UI on the signs would Z-fight. (*Note that this change was deliberately left untested initially.*)"
---

This is the original game rooms dock. This dock was created to give the player something to do in the game. Although not widely credited for the help, BOB had play testing help from Unbitterness before its release. Before its removal it had remained largely unchanged since it was added. The <code text="replacement for this dock">Dock / Game Rooms Dock</code> is in the same location as this dock used to be.

This dock was removed in a small ceremony added in <code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code> as (in that same update) the <code text="replacement for this dock">Dock / Game Rooms Dock</code> had finally been enabled and made playable. The reason for replacement and then removal is pretty simple: The backend of the dock was/is not really up-to-date with BOB's current way of coding and was/is quite dated and pretty inefficient. Before it was removed BOB made sure that the <code text="replacement dock">Dock / Game Rooms Dock</code> had a good replacement for all the features of this dock so no one would feel like major features were lost.

Although this dock is largely considered removed it can still be seen in the game on the 24th of any month (in the time zone the game uses). This easter egg was added in <code>RBAP Update / V5.0.0</code> and the day was chosen by Unbitterness. This easter egg is meant to be a tribute to Unbitterness for helping out with the creation of this dock which was largely uncredited for a while.

Although she did choose the 24th (on June 24th 2021 (that's where it came from)) she had no idea that it would be used for this. BOB decided not to tell her until a little while after she chose it for the fun of it.

# History

{% include history %}
