Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock
title: "Dock: Rainbow Dance Floor"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Rainbow Dance Floor"
  color: "#323232"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`12`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`2`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open), `2` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---



| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `12` |
| Entrances Used           | `2` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open), `2` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock
title: "Dock: Rainbow Dance Floor"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Rainbow Dance Floor"
  color: "#323232"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`12`"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`2`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open), `2` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 1`"
---

The Rainbow Dance Floor dock is another classic dock. It features a dance floor that cycles through colors of the rainbow repeatedly. This dock is the only dock currently in the game that was not originally a dock and wasn't one for quite some time until [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0) rolled around. In [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0) it was made into a dock for the never fully released rainbow parties. 

During most of the dock's history it has had its own music zone (although the music that's in the game currently is not the same). Before it was made into a dock it used to be located way up in the sky (which usually could be accessed via a special player team). In some iterations of it (mainly during the time after the old white sky box was replaced) it appeared wrapped in a big giant box of some sort although players were never able to reach the box's sides. Also during the time when it was way up in the sky when players fell off of it they would (hopefully) get teleported back on to it.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `12` |
| Entrances Used           | `2` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open), `2` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 1` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Rainbow-Dance-Floor-Dock.png" alt="">
