Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Roblox-Icons-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/roblox-icons-dock
title: "Dock: Roblox Icons Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Roblox Icons Dock"
    color: "#d31e0a"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

###### Read the text on the dock for description of this dock. It's pretty in-depth so didn't feel need to put it here.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

V6 of RBAP has been released!

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Roblox-Icons-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/roblox-icons-dock
title: "Dock: Roblox Icons Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Roblox Icons Dock"
    color: "#d31e0a"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

The 3D Roblox logo replicas on this dock used to be in the game a while before [`V3`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/3-0-0" | relative_url -}}) ever came along but they got removed for reasons BOB can't remember but they have since been added back in [`V3`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/3-0-0" | relative_url -}}). Both of the 3D Roblox logo replicas are pulled directly from an old version of the game with the only thing that has been edited about them is their color got tweaked ever so slightly and they no longer emit light because Roblox's new lighting technology doesn't work well with the old lights. Both of these 3D replicas of Roblox's logos were made before both Roblox logo changes.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Roblox-Icons-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">
