Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Showcase-Remastered-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/showcase-remastered-dock
title: "Dock: Showcase Remastered Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Showcase-Remastered-Dock
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/wiki/posts/update-log/5-2-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Showcase Remastered Dock"
    color: "#fff587d9"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase-Remastered-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = [`Open`](/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open)"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

This is recreation of the [old window showcase]({{- "/wiki/docks/showcase-dock" | relative_url -}}). This one was made in the late beta of the newest Roblox lighting technology. BOB decided to make this dock just for the fun of it seeing as the old one doesn't look as good as it did when it was made.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | `1` = [`Open`]({{- "/wiki/dock-entrance-types/open" | relative_url -}}) |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase-Remastered-Dock.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

Commit message:

This is one of the biggest commits that will ever be pushed to the wiki
For context the contents of this commit have been worked on for the past few months starting in late January.

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Showcase-Remastered-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki/docks/showcase-remastered-dock
title: "Dock: Showcase Remastered Dock"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Docks/Showcase-Remastered-Dock
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "Showcase Remastered Dock"
      search:
        name: "Showcase Remastered Dock"
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update <code>RBAP Update / V5.2.0</code>"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Showcase Remastered Dock"
    color: "#fff587d9"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Showcase-Remastered-Dock.png"
#    description: ""
    data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
      - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
        value: "*None (unset)*"
      - key: "Entrances Used"
        value: "`1`"
      - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
        value: "`1` = <code>Dock Entrance Type / Open</code>"
      - key: "Side Placed On"
        value: "`Main Side 2`"
history:
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V3.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Added this dock."
  - time: "<code>RBAP Update / V4.0.0</code>"
    changes:
      - "Fixed the bug that allowed players to walk through the walls of this dock."
---

This is recreation of the <code text="old window showcase">Dock / Showcase Dock</code>. This one was made in the late beta of the newest Roblox lighting technology. BOB decided to make this dock just for the fun of it seeing as the old one doesn't look as good as it did when it was made.

# History

{% include history %}
