Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock
title: "Dock: Wheel of Oddities Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Wheel of Oddities Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`2` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

The Wheel of Oddities is a dock inspired (although not directly) by wheels you might see at a carnival or on the Wheel of Fortune game show. It features 16 different rewards all of which have the same chance of being selected and all of which (if possible) will expire after 30 seconds. The name for the dock was made by BOB and he surprisingly came up with it pretty quickly as he came up with the name right after he started thinking about names for it.

There are two determining factors that help in selecting a reward. They are Roblox physics and the amount of time the wheel is being spun for. There is a chance that you'll get the same reward as you did on a previous spin but these two factors put together make it very rare. Fun fact: Even if the wheel is spun for the same amount of time on the first spin multiple times in a row there is still a low chance that it will land on the same thing that it did previously.

The wheel can be spun for 12 to 20 seconds. When the wheel is being spun the arrow doesn't try to center itself meaning it just gets pushed off to the side by the rapidly accelerating wheel. After the wheel is no longer being spun the arrow will start to try to center itself (meaning the wheel gets slowed down) and the light on the tip of it is turned on.

Once the arrow starts to try to center itself it has 30 seconds to land on something or the wheel will be hard reset. This is due to the fact that although rare the arrow can get stuck on one of the pegs in the wheel.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `2` but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but at [put time here] it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.png" alt="">

## The rewards:

**Warning! It is highly advised that you experience all of the rewards yourself** before reading the following as it could ruin the fun of finding out what each of them do.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

### 1. Your screen gets blacked out

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Wait who turned off the lights?! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Simply blacks out your screen. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 2. Be put in a jail

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Unneeded confinement |
| Was going to be listed as | Solitary entertainment |
| Does                      | Spawns a jail and puts your character in it. For fun the jail is affected by physics. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                | This was originally going to have a balloon attached to it which would take you up but due to physics limitations it was way too complicated to fix. That is why it was originally going to be listed as solitary entertainment. |

### 3. Your character's walk speed gets increased

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Let's play some pinball! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Sets your character's walk speed to a number in between 500 and 1500 |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 4. You get to see what happens when you go really far up

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | The reward name was corrupted! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Teleports your character anywhere between coordinates `-150, 1500000, -150` to coordinates `150, 1500000, 150` and then let's it freefall. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 5. Your character is affected by low gravity

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | This doesn't look like the moon?! |
| Was going to be listed as | Wait this doesn't look like the moon?! |
| Does                      | Applies low gravity to your character. Specifically the normal amount of gravity divided by 1.25 is the amount of gravity that **isn't** applied to your character. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 6. Your screen gets blurred

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Where did I put my glasses? |
| Was going to be listed as | Now where did I put my glasses? |
| Does                      | Simply blurs your screen. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 7. Your character explodes

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | OOF |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Explodes your character in the same exact way as the [Mine Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Mine-Dock). |
| Expires After             |  |
| Other Info                |  |

### 8. Your character gees invisible

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I was here a moment ago? |
| Was going to be listed as | Well... I was here a moment ago wasn't I? |
| Does                      | Makes your character invisible |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 9. Your character gets a balloon ride

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I love balloons! |
| Was going to be listed as | I love balloons! Ok... maybe not <i>that</i> one |
| Does                      | Spawns a balloon in your character's hand which itself is not affected by gravity and actually overcomes it. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds or after you reach a Y level of 2500 |
| Other Info                |  |

### 10. Your character gets flung across the map

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Was I in a roller coaster? |
| Was going to be listed as | I don't remember being in a roller coaster! |
| Does                      | Applies a lot of velocity to your character for 1 second sending your character flying. The amount of velocity is randomized but there will always be a lot on the X axis and the Z axis. |
| Expires After             |  |
| Other Info                |  |

### 11. Your character gets teleported to the top of the top floor of the entrance elevator

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Abracadabra! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Teleports your character on top of the top floor of the entrance elevator. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                | This was originally just going to teleport your character somewhere random on the map but due to that being somewhat complicated and it being cooler to be teleported to an usually off-limits area with a good view that idea got scrapped. |

### 12. Your character gets spun

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I MUST SPIN IT IS SOOO FUN |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Spins your character. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 13. Your screen goes black and white

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Were we in the 1900s? |
| Was going to be listed as | Wait last I checked we were in the 2000s! |
| Does                      | Simply makes your screen go black and white |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 14. Your character rocketed away

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | To infinity and beyond! |
| Was going to be listed as | I've always wanted to see the stars... <i>close up</i> |
| Does                      | Attaches a rocket to your character that sends your character going very far up. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 15. Your character's walk speed gets decreased

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Ouch! I must have hurt my knee! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Sets your character's walk speed to a number in between 1 and 10. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 16. You are given a [Teddy Trap](https://www.roblox.com/catalog/12890798/Teddy-Trap)

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Oh! A present for me?! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Gives you a [Teddy Trap](https://www.roblox.com/catalog/12890798/Teddy-Trap) *with **one** minor difference*: No matter what it will be activated eventually. If you do not activate it yourself within 30 seconds it will be activated by itself. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds (sort of) |
| Other Info                | BOB originally wanted to give the player a time bomb but figured doing it this way would be more funny for the player to experience. |

Commit message:

Added new dock expiration time

Wiki/Dock-Pages/Game/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock
title: "Dock: Wheel of Oddities Dock"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Wheel of Oddities Dock"
#  color: "#a3a2a5" -- Needs color
#  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.png"
#  description: ""
  data:
    - title: "Dock Data"
      data:
        - key: "Reserved Dock Entrance"
          value: "`2` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)*"
        - key: "Entrances Used"
          value: "`1`"
        - key: "Dock Entrance Types Used"
          value: "{`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)}"
        - key: "Side Placed On"
          value: "`Main Side 2`"
---

The Wheel of Oddities is a dock inspired (although not directly) by wheels you might see at a carnival or on the Wheel of Fortune game show. It features 16 different rewards all of which have the same chance of being selected and all of which (if possible) will expire after 30 seconds. The name for the dock was made by BOB and he surprisingly came up with it pretty quickly as he came up with the name right after he started thinking about names for it.

There are two determining factors that help in selecting a reward. They are Roblox physics and the amount of time the wheel is being spun for. There is a chance that you'll get the same reward as you did on a previous spin but these two factors put together make it very rare. Fun fact: Even if the wheel is spun for the same amount of time on the first spin multiple times in a row there is still a low chance that it will land on the same thing that it did previously.

The wheel can be spun for 12 to 20 seconds. When the wheel is being spun the arrow doesn't try to center itself meaning it just gets pushed off to the side by the rapidly accelerating wheel. After the wheel is no longer being spun the arrow will start to try to center itself (meaning the wheel gets slowed down) and the light on the tip of it is turned on.

Once the arrow starts to try to center itself it has 30 seconds to land on something or the wheel will be hard reset. This is due to the fact that although rare the arrow can get stuck on one of the pegs in the wheel.

| Value Name               | Value |
|-|-|
| Reserved Dock Entrance   | `2` but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to *None (unset)* |
| Entrances Used           | `1` |
| Dock Entrance Types Used | {`1` = [`Open - New Dock`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open-New-Dock)} but on November 3rd at noon it will automatically be changed to {`1` = [`Open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Entrance-Types/Open)} |
| Side Placed On           | `Main Side 2` |
{: .psi-panel-alternative}

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock.png" alt="">

## The rewards:

**Warning! It is highly advised that you experience all of the rewards yourself** before reading the following as it could ruin the fun of finding out what each of them do.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

### 1. Your screen gets blacked out

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Wait who turned off the lights?! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Simply blacks out your screen. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 2. Be put in a jail

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Unneeded confinement |
| Was going to be listed as | Solitary entertainment |
| Does                      | Spawns a jail and puts your character in it. For fun the jail is affected by physics. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                | This was originally going to have a balloon attached to it which would take you up but due to physics limitations it was way too complicated to fix. That is why it was originally going to be listed as solitary entertainment. |

### 3. Your character's walk speed gets increased

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Let's play some pinball! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Sets your character's walk speed to a number in between 500 and 1500 |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 4. You get to see what happens when you go really far up

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | The reward name was corrupted! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Teleports your character anywhere between coordinates `-150, 1500000, -150` to coordinates `150, 1500000, 150` and then let's it freefall. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 5. Your character is affected by low gravity

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | This doesn't look like the moon?! |
| Was going to be listed as | Wait this doesn't look like the moon?! |
| Does                      | Applies low gravity to your character. Specifically the normal amount of gravity divided by 1.25 is the amount of gravity that **isn't** applied to your character. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 6. Your screen gets blurred

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Where did I put my glasses? |
| Was going to be listed as | Now where did I put my glasses? |
| Does                      | Simply blurs your screen. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 7. Your character explodes

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | OOF |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Explodes your character in the same exact way as the [Mine Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Mine-Dock). |
| Expires After             |  |
| Other Info                |  |

### 8. Your character gees invisible

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I was here a moment ago? |
| Was going to be listed as | Well... I was here a moment ago wasn't I? |
| Does                      | Makes your character invisible |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 9. Your character gets a balloon ride

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I love balloons! |
| Was going to be listed as | I love balloons! Ok... maybe not <i>that</i> one |
| Does                      | Spawns a balloon in your character's hand which itself is not affected by gravity and actually overcomes it. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds or after you reach a Y level of 2500 |
| Other Info                |  |

### 10. Your character gets flung across the map

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Was I in a roller coaster? |
| Was going to be listed as | I don't remember being in a roller coaster! |
| Does                      | Applies a lot of velocity to your character for 1 second sending your character flying. The amount of velocity is randomized but there will always be a lot on the X axis and the Z axis. |
| Expires After             |  |
| Other Info                |  |

### 11. Your character gets teleported to the top of the top floor of the entrance elevator

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Abracadabra! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Teleports your character on top of the top floor of the entrance elevator. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                | This was originally just going to teleport your character somewhere random on the map but due to that being somewhat complicated and it being cooler to be teleported to an usually off-limits area with a good view that idea got scrapped. |

### 12. Your character gets spun

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | I MUST SPIN IT IS SOOO FUN |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Spins your character. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 13. Your screen goes black and white

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Were we in the 1900s? |
| Was going to be listed as | Wait last I checked we were in the 2000s! |
| Does                      | Simply makes your screen go black and white |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 14. Your character rocketed away

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | To infinity and beyond! |
| Was going to be listed as | I've always wanted to see the stars... <i>close up</i> |
| Does                      | Attaches a rocket to your character that sends your character going very far up. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 15. Your character's walk speed gets decreased

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Ouch! I must have hurt my knee! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Sets your character's walk speed to a number in between 1 and 10. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds |
| Other Info                |  |

### 16. You are given a [Teddy Trap](https://www.roblox.com/catalog/12890798/Teddy-Trap)

| Data Name                 | Data |
|-|-|
| Listed As                 | Oh! A present for me?! |
| Was going to be listed as |  |
| Does                      | Gives you a [Teddy Trap](https://www.roblox.com/catalog/12890798/Teddy-Trap) *with **one** minor difference*: No matter what it will be activated eventually. If you do not activate it yourself within 30 seconds it will be activated by itself. |
| Expires After             | 30 seconds (sort of) |
| Other Info                | BOB originally wanted to give the player a time bomb but figured doing it this way would be more funny for the player to experience. |
