Wiki/Dock-Types-Category-Pages/Joke.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke
title: "Dock Types: Joke"
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DockTypesCategory_Joke"
---

**Warning! If you are on BOB's Roblox friends list the following contains spoilers** to stuff you may accidentally come across.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

Currently all the joke dock types automatically get Rich Text enabled on the sign of the dock entrances they run on. This is hard-coded into the dock entrance system and is not set on a per dock type basis.

### Dock types in this category:

| Dock Type |
|-|
| [404 Dock Not Found Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#404-dock-not-found-dock) |
| [Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Open](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#default-roblox-baseplate-dock---open) |
| [Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Closed](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#default-roblox-baseplate-dock---closed) |
| [Lazy Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#lazy-dock) |
| [Other No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#other-no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [Statue Of BOB Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#statue-of-bob-dock) |
| [Weird Character Physics Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#weird-character-physics-dock) |

## 404 Dock Not Found Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/404%20Dock%20Not%20Found%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Open

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Welcome to the default Roblox base plate`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Roblox%20Baseplate%20Grey.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Default%20Roblox%20Baseplate%20Dock%20-%20Open.png" alt="">

## Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Closed

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`this closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Roblox%20Baseplate%20Grey.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Default%20Roblox%20Baseplate%20Dock%20-%20Closed.png" alt="">

## Lazy Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`I'm too lazy to put down the bridge. Who uses that anyway! Useless!`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Lazy%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Other No Standing Joke Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Let's see if you're confident enough to stand on this dock for a <b>huge</b> surprise`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Other%20No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Statue Of BOB Dock

Now this dock type is a special one. Every part of a dock entrance that this dock type set on gets turned into gold (with a few exceptions like the lights). This functionality is exclusive to this dock type and is hard-coded into the dock entrance system.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`All this gold costed a LOT`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/BOB's%20Favorite%20Color.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/BOB's%20Favorite%20Color.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Statue%20Of%20BOB%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Weird Character Physics Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Roblox... but your character's physics are rendered by the server`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Weird%20Character%20Physics%20Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added support for new page category system

Wiki/Dock-Types-Category-Pages/Joke.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke
title: "Dock Types: Joke"
short_description: "List of joke dock types that are used with joke docks in the game"
page_categories:
  dock_types_category_page: true
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DockTypesCategory_Joke"
---

**Warning! If you are on BOB's Roblox friends list the following contains spoilers** to stuff you may accidentally come across.
{: .page-notice .page-notice-danger}

Currently all the joke dock types automatically get Rich Text enabled on the sign of the dock entrances they run on. This is hard-coded into the dock entrance system and is not set on a per dock type basis.

### Dock types in this category:

| Dock Type |
|-|
| [404 Dock Not Found Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#404-dock-not-found-dock) |
| [Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Open](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#default-roblox-baseplate-dock---open) |
| [Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Closed](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#default-roblox-baseplate-dock---closed) |
| [Lazy Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#lazy-dock) |
| [Other No Standing Joke Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#other-no-standing-joke-dock) |
| [Statue Of BOB Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#statue-of-bob-dock) |
| [Weird Character Physics Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Joke#weird-character-physics-dock) |

## 404 Dock Not Found Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`404 Dock Not Found`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/404%20Dock%20Not%20Found%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Open

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Welcome to the default Roblox base plate`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Roblox%20Baseplate%20Grey.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Default%20Roblox%20Baseplate%20Dock%20-%20Open.png" alt="">

## Default Roblox Baseplate Dock - Closed

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`this closed`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Roblox%20Baseplate%20Grey.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Default%20Roblox%20Baseplate%20Dock%20-%20Closed.png" alt="">

## Lazy Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`I'm too lazy to put down the bridge. Who uses that anyway! Useless!`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Lazy%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Other No Standing Joke Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Let's see if you're confident enough to stand on this dock for a <b>huge</b> surprise`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Other%20No%20Standing%20Joke%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Statue Of BOB Dock

Now this dock type is a special one. Every part of a dock entrance that this dock type set on gets turned into gold (with a few exceptions like the lights). This functionality is exclusive to this dock type and is hard-coded into the dock entrance system.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`All this gold costed a LOT`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/BOB's%20Favorite%20Color.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/BOB's%20Favorite%20Color.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Statue%20Of%20BOB%20Dock.png" alt="">

## Weird Character Physics Dock

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`Roblox... but your character's physics are rendered by the server`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Joke%20Dock%20Types/Weird%20Character%20Physics%20Dock.png" alt="">
