Wiki/Dock-Types-Category-Pages/Removed.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed
title: "Dock Types: Removed/Unused"
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DockTypesCategory_Removed"
---

### Dock types in this category:

| Dock Type |
|-|
| [On Cooldown](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#on-cooldown) |
| [Seasonally Closed](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#seasonally-closed) |
| [Hidden Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#hidden-dock) |

## On Cooldown

This dock type was originally added for the mine dock but the idea of using it there was later scrapped before the update that it was in came out. So this dock type was never actually used. It still has a possibility of being used but is unlikely.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently on cooldown`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Blue.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Cooldown.png" alt="">

## Seasonally Closed

This dock type was used in the winter of 2019 and 2020 due to the snow going through covered areas. Since falling show hasn't made a return yet this dock type has yet to be used again.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently closed for the season`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Seasonally%20Closed.png" alt="">

## Hidden Dock

Hidden docks are docks that are hidden by default unless they are triggered to appear by some in-game event. There are currently none in the game that use this dock type as previous ones were removed in [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game due to limitations of newly-implemented systems (like the dock placing system).

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Purple.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Hidden%20Dock.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added support for new page category system

Wiki/Dock-Types-Category-Pages/Removed.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed
title: "Dock Types: Removed/Unused"
short_description: "List of dock types that were removed from the game or are unused but are still in the game"
page_categories:
  dock_types_category_page: true
sidebar:
  nav: "Wiki_DockTypesCategory_Removed"
---

### Dock types in this category:

| Dock Type |
|-|
| [On Cooldown](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#on-cooldown) |
| [Seasonally Closed](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#seasonally-closed) |
| [Hidden Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Category/Removed#hidden-dock) |

## On Cooldown

This dock type was originally added for the mine dock but the idea of using it there was later scrapped before the update that it was in came out. So this dock type was never actually used. It still has a possibility of being used but is unlikely.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently on cooldown`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Blue.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Cooldown.png" alt="">

## Seasonally Closed

This dock type was used in the winter of 2019 and 2020 due to the snow going through covered areas. Since falling show hasn't made a return yet this dock type has yet to be used again.

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently closed for the season`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Green.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Seasonally%20Closed.png" alt="">

## Hidden Dock

Hidden docks are docks that are hidden by default unless they are triggered to appear by some in-game event. There are currently none in the game that use this dock type as previous ones were removed in [`V3`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#rbap-version) of the game due to limitations of newly-implemented systems (like the dock placing system).

| Value Name           | Value |
|-|-|
| Sign Text            | [`This dock is currently open`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#string) |
| Is System Dock       | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Bridge Down       | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Is Gate Down         | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 2 On           | [`False`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 3 On           | [`True`](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#boolean) |
| Light 1 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 2 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Yellow.png" alt=""></a> |
| Light 3 Color        | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Purple.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 1         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/Red.png" alt=""></a> |
| Gate Color 2         | <a href="/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Value-Types#color"><img class="color-image dock-type-light-color" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Colors/White.png" alt=""></a> |

<img class="dock-type-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Dock-Types/Hidden%20Dock.png" alt="">
