---
permalink: /wiki/posts/update-log/3-1-2
title: "Update Log of V3.1.2"
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/Update-Log/3-1-2
easy_links:
  list:
    - link_name: "V3.1.2"
      search:
        name: "V3.1.2"
short_description: "This update is mostly just a small expansion of the previous update."
update_published_at: "2021-04-20 01:33:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-04-20 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-05-27 00:00:00 +00:00"
tags:
  - V3
  - Improvements Only
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* This update is mostly just a small expansion of the previous update.

{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* All rainbow effects have been disabled and the bloxy award statue no longer rotates.
* * Both of these changes are (or at least at the time of writing both of them were) temporary and are expected to be fixed within the next few updates.
* * Reason for this change is they were causing noticeable lag spikes on the server side of the game. Both of these systems are not very well optimized and are pretty dated and have only received a few small updates over the years making it so both of them are in need of a complete recode.
* * While the rainbow effect is disabled all parts that are affected by the rainbow effect will be colored light blue.
* The dock placing system will now rotate docks (this should have no effect on the user-facing side of the game).
* Street lights and the dock entrance lights now once again cast shadows and are no longer dependent on how far away your character is. This change has been made because it appears that Roblox has (*finally*) fixed the light flickering bug.
* A module (not made by BOB) called "[Wind Shake](https://devforum.roblox.com/t//1039806)" has been added to the game and applied to the leaves of trees.
* Music zones now work again. Apparently I accidentally broke them with a change in one of the previous updates and never noticed that it was broken until recently.

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}