Wiki/Dock-Types.md, before:

---
title: Dock Types
listed_page_category: "docktypes_category_page"
#page_categories:
#  docktype_page: true
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Dock-types
  - /Wiki/dock-Types
  - /Wiki/dock-types
  - /wiki/Dock-Types
  - /wiki/Dock-types
  - /wiki/dock-Types
  - /wiki/dock-types
  - /Wiki/Dock-Types/
  - /Wiki/Dock-types/
  - /Wiki/dock-Types/
  - /Wiki/dock-types/
  - /wiki/Dock-Types/
  - /wiki/Dock-types/
  - /wiki/dock-Types/
  - /wiki/dock-types/
  - /Dock-Types
  - /Dock-types
  - /dock-Types
  - /dock-types
  - /Dock-Types/
  - /Dock-types/
  - /dock-Types/
  - /dock-types/
---

What is a dock type? A dock type is the status of the dock entrance that a dock is connected to. Usually it isn't something that describes the dock unless it is something like a system dock. Dock types can set many appearance settings of the dock entrance for a dock. The list includes stuff like light colors, lights that are on, the text shown on the sign, and more. Currently the text of the sign on each dock entrance is automatically made entirely uppercase.

What is a system dock? System docks are currently being classified as docks that are not a thing for showcase purposes but rather for informational purposes or something else integrated with the game itself (an example of that is the [server system dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#server-and-game-info-dock)). Each system dock gets its own custom dock type which the text of the sign is automatically prefixed with `[System Dock]:`.

### Here's the list of categories of dock types:

Commit message:

Listed the default values
(This is the final comment for today.)

Wiki/Dock-Types.md, after:

---
title: Dock Types
listed_page_category: "docktypes_category_page"
#page_categories:
#  docktype_page: true
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/Dock-types
  - /Wiki/dock-Types
  - /Wiki/dock-types
  - /wiki/Dock-Types
  - /wiki/Dock-types
  - /wiki/dock-Types
  - /wiki/dock-types
  - /Wiki/Dock-Types/
  - /Wiki/Dock-types/
  - /Wiki/dock-Types/
  - /Wiki/dock-types/
  - /wiki/Dock-Types/
  - /wiki/Dock-types/
  - /wiki/dock-Types/
  - /wiki/dock-types/
  - /Dock-Types
  - /Dock-types
  - /dock-Types
  - /dock-types
  - /Dock-Types/
  - /Dock-types/
  - /dock-Types/
  - /dock-types/
---

What is a dock type? A dock type is the status of the dock entrance that a dock is connected to. Usually it isn't something that describes the dock unless it is something like a system dock. Dock types can set many appearance settings of the dock entrance for a dock. The list includes stuff like light colors, lights that are on, the text shown on the sign, and more. Currently the text of the sign on each dock entrance is automatically made entirely uppercase.

What is a system dock? System docks are currently being classified as docks that are not a thing for showcase purposes but rather for informational purposes or something else integrated with the game itself (an example of that is the [server system dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Category/In-Game#server-and-game-info-dock)). Each system dock gets its own custom dock type which the text of the sign is automatically prefixed with `[System Dock]:`.

## Dock Type Data Default Values:

The following list is a list of the default values for dock type data values. When a dock type data value on a dock type page says "*Default (unset)*" it means the value from this list will be used. If a dock type does not specify a value for a dock type data value then the value from this list will be used hence the word unset being used to describe the default value as mentioned earlier. (If a value on this list is blank then that means no default exists for that dock type data value.)

|-|-|
| Sign Text                |  |
| Is System Dock           |  |
| Is Bridge Down           |  |
| Is Gate Down             |  |
| Main Light 1 On          | `False` |
| Main Light 2 On          | `False` |
| Main Light 3 On          | `False` |
| Main Light 1 Color       | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="Red" alt="" -%} |
| Main Light 2 Color       | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="Yellow" alt="" -%} |
| Main Light 3 Color       | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="Green" alt="" -%} |
| Warning Light 1 Light On | `False` |
| Warning Light 1 Spinning | `False` |
| Warning Light 1 Color    | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="White" alt="" -%} |
| Warning Light 1 Speed    | `100%` |
| Warning Light 2 Light On | `False` |
| Warning Light 2 Spinning | `False` |
| Warning Light 2 Color    | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="White" alt="" -%} |
| Warning Light 2 Speed    | `100%` |
| Gate Color 1             | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="Red" alt="" -%} |
| Gate Color 2             | {%- include color-image fordocktypecolor=true name="White" alt="" -%} |

### Here's the list of categories of dock types:
