Wiki/Game-Music.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Music
title: Music
color_coded_table_boolean_enabled: true
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/music
  - /Wiki/Music/
  - /Wiki/music/
  - /wiki/Music
  - /wiki/music
  - /wiki/Music/
  - /wiki/music/
  - /Music
  - /music
  - /Music/
  - /music/
---

Random Buildings And Parts has a wide variety of music and this page is here to list them all. Now there's a few things you should know: The game has multiple music zones which each have their own list of music that can be played while inside of them. Due to the fact that some songs will appear in more than one music zone the list is going to be listed as one big list instead of separate lists for each zone. Another thing you should know is there are some songs that will only appear at certain times and those will be listed separately in their corresponding category. Also all music in game is from Roblox's deal with APM Music.

All songs that were added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) were found from APM Music's website instead of how they were before, which was looking for them exclusively on Roblox. Also all or most songs added in that update were found with `Club \ Electronica`, `Electronic Instruments`, and `Instrumental Only` in the search. The only known exception to the previous statement is the Christmas music as that was all found from the same album which was found when a song from that album was in the search results.

# Here's the lists of music in the game as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0):

In [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) music that appears in certain time frames uses the game's time zone to determine what time it is. (Also the lists are not in any particular order.)

### Notes key:

The indicators for each note are listed after the name of a song.

* [i] - Appears in the intro as well.
* [x3] - Has 3 times the normal chance of playing.
* [x5] - Has 5 times the normal chance of playing.

## Main List (appears at any time):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `Carnival Time`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848366912) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1034/TIM_TIMLP_1034_00501)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Marching To Honolulu`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845891274) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SAS_0050/SON_SAS_0050_02201)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `On The Beach`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845891180) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SAS_0050/SON_SAS_0050_01801)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Seaside Parade`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848368912) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1034/TIM_TIMLP_1034_00401)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Stadium Rave (A)`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1846368080) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCD_0309/SON_SCD_0309_01401)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Tin Hat Party Time (c)`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1838076985) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JMP_JMP_0053/JMP_JMP_0053_02001)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Hard Bass`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1839247090) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KOS_KOS_0194/KOS_KOS_0194_02301)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Invincible`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845426851) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SOHO_SOHO_0191/SOHO_SOHO_0191_01801)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `K-kook A`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1847515957) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCDV_0335/SON_SCDV_0335_02301)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Looking at Me`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837350830) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/CEZ_GMT_8042/CEZ_GMT_8042_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Paradise Falls`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837879082) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/HARD_HARD_0032/HARD_HARD_0032_05501)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Pop In Fashion`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848347365) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIM_0028/TIM_TIM_0028_01801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Robotic Dance C`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1847853099) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCDV_0724/SON_SCDV_0724_00701)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Route 666 (a)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837711893) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0147/DED_DED_0147_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Shake Shake`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841590316) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0851/KPM_KPM_0851_01801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Sunrise Workout` [i]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837324500) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/CEZ_CEZ_4324/CEZ_CEZ_4324_00501)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Uptown`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845554017) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_AFRO_0135/SON_AFRO_0135_01001)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Winners Ahead (a)`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848366549) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1053/TIM_TIMLP_1053_00101)			| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Wonderful Day`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843397729) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0136/MYMA_JUST_0136_03601)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Fight Together`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843324336) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0097/MYMA_JUST_0097_01401)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Heavy Stepper`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675430) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01501)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Moonlight Party`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843367152) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0075/MYMA_JUST_0075_00601)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Loving Electro House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836160816) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2438/AXS_AXS_2438_01901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Digiboy`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675326) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Cheerful Tropical House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836105254) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2406/AXS_AXS_2406_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Hypnolove`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837663800) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0104/DED_DED_0104_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Sugar Sweat`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841589673) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0851/KPM_KPM_0851_00201)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Tender Tropical House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836105293) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2406/AXS_AXS_2406_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Light It Up (b)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837999739) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JGM_JGM_0023/JGM_JGM_0023_06201)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Feeling You`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837693079) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0131/DED_DED_0131_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Jump Up`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1839940083) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JM_0049/KPM_JM_0049_01401)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Angles`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675486) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01701)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Chasing the Sunrise`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837997983) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JGM_JGM_0021/JGM_JGM_0021_00501)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Cloud 10 (a)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1840067026) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JMOD_0004/KPM_JMOD_0004_00301)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Extra Life`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836002215) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2350~3/AXS_AXS_2350~3_00501)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Straight To Victory`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1838659202) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KAPT_KAPT_0066/KAPT_KAPT_0066_00101)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `The Wild One`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848269623) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SPOTON_SPOTON_0003/SPOTON_SPOTON_0003_01301)	| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Untouchable`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837681287) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0109/DED_DED_0109_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Good Morning Goodbye (b)`				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1840058466) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JM_0164/KPM_JM_0164_04901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Limehouse Frog`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841462563) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0801/KPM_KPM_0801_01701)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

## Christmas (appears December 18th-26th):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `You Set Me Free c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446105) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Make What You Got c` [x3]				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445653) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Rambling Rover b` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445791) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00501)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Sky Lights Up c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445882) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00801)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Better Day c` [x3]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445990) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Took My Heart c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445989) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01001)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `In Ya Face b` [x3]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446197) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01301)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Catch Me If You Can - Instrumental` [x3]	| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446225) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01401)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Going to Bristol c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446286) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01501)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Kooky Rock Out b` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446245) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01601)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Castles and Crayons b` [x3]				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446397) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01901)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

## Christmas Day (appears December 24th-25th):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `Christmas Party` [x5]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446876) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_02901)				| ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

{%- comment -%} | ` `	| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/) + [APM]()	| ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V0`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/0-0-0)	| -- FYI this is used as a template {%- endcomment -%}

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Game-Music.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Music
title: Music
color_coded_table_boolean_enabled: true
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/music
  - /Wiki/Music/
  - /Wiki/music/
  - /wiki/Music
  - /wiki/music
  - /wiki/Music/
  - /wiki/music/
  - /Music
  - /music
  - /Music/
  - /music/
---

Random Buildings And Parts has a wide variety of music and this page is here to list them all. Now there's a few things you should know: The game has multiple music zones which each have their own list of music that can be played while inside of them. Due to the fact that some songs will appear in more than one music zone the list is going to be listed as one big list instead of separate lists for each zone. Another thing you should know is there are some songs that will only appear at certain times and those will be listed separately in their corresponding category. Also all music in game is from Roblox's deal with APM Music.

All songs that were added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) were found from APM Music's website instead of how they were before, which was looking for them exclusively on Roblox. Also all or most songs added in that update were found with `Club \ Electronica`, `Electronic Instruments`, and `Instrumental Only` in the search. The only known exception to the previous statement is the Christmas music as that was all found from the same album which was found when a song from that album was in the search results.

# Here's the lists of music in the game currently:

In [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) music that appears in certain time frames uses the game's time zone to determine what time it is. (Also the lists are not in any particular order.)

### Notes key:

The indicators for each note are listed after the name of a song.

* [i] - Appears in the intro as well.
* [x3] - Has 3 times the normal chance of playing.
* [x5] - Has 5 times the normal chance of playing.

## Main List (appears at any time):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `Carnival Time`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848366912) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1034/TIM_TIMLP_1034_00501)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Marching To Honolulu`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845891274) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SAS_0050/SON_SAS_0050_02201)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `On The Beach`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845891180) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SAS_0050/SON_SAS_0050_01801)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Seaside Parade`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848368912) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1034/TIM_TIMLP_1034_00401)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Stadium Rave (A)`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1846368080) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCD_0309/SON_SCD_0309_01401)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Tin Hat Party Time (c)`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1838076985) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JMP_JMP_0053/JMP_JMP_0053_02001)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Hard Bass`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1839247090) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KOS_KOS_0194/KOS_KOS_0194_02301)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Invincible`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845426851) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SOHO_SOHO_0191/SOHO_SOHO_0191_01801)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `K-kook A`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1847515957) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCDV_0335/SON_SCDV_0335_02301)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Looking at Me`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837350830) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/CEZ_GMT_8042/CEZ_GMT_8042_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Paradise Falls`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837879082) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/HARD_HARD_0032/HARD_HARD_0032_05501)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Pop In Fashion`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848347365) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIM_0028/TIM_TIM_0028_01801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Robotic Dance C`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1847853099) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_SCDV_0724/SON_SCDV_0724_00701)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Route 666 (a)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837711893) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0147/DED_DED_0147_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Shake Shake`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841590316) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0851/KPM_KPM_0851_01801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Sunrise Workout` [i]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837324500) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/CEZ_CEZ_4324/CEZ_CEZ_4324_00501)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Uptown`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1845554017) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SON_AFRO_0135/SON_AFRO_0135_01001)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Winners Ahead (a)`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848366549) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/TIM_TIMLP_1053/TIM_TIMLP_1053_00101)			| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | 											|
| `Wonderful Day`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843397729) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0136/MYMA_JUST_0136_03601)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | 											|
| `Fight Together`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843324336) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0097/MYMA_JUST_0097_01401)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Heavy Stepper`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675430) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01501)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Moonlight Party`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1843367152) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/MYMA_JUST_0075/MYMA_JUST_0075_00601)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Loving Electro House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836160816) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2438/AXS_AXS_2438_01901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Digiboy`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675326) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Cheerful Tropical House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836105254) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2406/AXS_AXS_2406_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Hypnolove`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837663800) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0104/DED_DED_0104_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Sugar Sweat`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841589673) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0851/KPM_KPM_0851_00201)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Tender Tropical House`					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836105293) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2406/AXS_AXS_2406_00801)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Light It Up (b)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837999739) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JGM_JGM_0023/JGM_JGM_0023_06201)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Feeling You`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837693079) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0131/DED_DED_0131_00601)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Jump Up`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1839940083) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JM_0049/KPM_JM_0049_01401)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Angles`									| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841675486) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0877/KPM_KPM_0877_01701)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Chasing the Sunrise`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837997983) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/JGM_JGM_0021/JGM_JGM_0021_00501)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Cloud 10 (a)`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1840067026) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JMOD_0004/KPM_JMOD_0004_00301)			| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Extra Life`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1836002215) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/AXS_AXS_2350~3/AXS_AXS_2350~3_00501)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Straight To Victory`						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1838659202) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KAPT_KAPT_0066/KAPT_KAPT_0066_00101)			| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `The Wild One`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1848269623) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SPOTON_SPOTON_0003/SPOTON_SPOTON_0003_01301)	| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Untouchable`								| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1837681287) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/DED_DED_0109/DED_DED_0109_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Good Morning Goodbye (b)`				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1840058466) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_JM_0164/KPM_JM_0164_04901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Limehouse Frog`							| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841462563) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0801/KPM_KPM_0801_01701)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

## Christmas (appears December 18th-26th):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `You Set Me Free c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446105) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Make What You Got c` [x3]				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445653) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00101)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Rambling Rover b` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445791) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00501)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Sky Lights Up c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445882) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00801)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Better Day c` [x3]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445990) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_00901)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Took My Heart c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841445989) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01001)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `In Ya Face b` [x3]						| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446197) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01301)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Catch Me If You Can - Instrumental` [x3]	| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446225) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01401)				| ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Going to Bristol c` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446286) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01501)				| ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Kooky Rock Out b` [x3]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446245) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01601)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|
| `Castles and Crayons b` [x3]				| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446397) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_01901)				| ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

## Christmas Day (appears December 24th-25th):

| Name | Links | Default Zone | Stage Zone | Game Rooms Dock Zone | Dance Floor Zone | Added In |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| `Christmas Party` [x5]					| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/1841446876) + [APM](https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/KPM_KPM_0803/KPM_KPM_0803_02901)				| ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ | [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)	|

{%- comment -%} | ` `	| [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/library/) + [APM]()	| ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | [`V0`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/0-0-0)	| -- FYI this is used as a template {%- endcomment -%}
