Wiki/RBAP.md, before:

---
permalink: /wiki
title: "Random Buildings And Parts"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/RBAP
  - /wiki/rbap
  - /Wiki
  - /
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V6`](/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Random Buildings And Parts"
    color: "#a0bed3"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Roblox-Place/Main-Build/Icon.png"
    description: "Above is the current icon of the game"
---

Random Buildings And Parts (stylized like that) or RBAP for short is a showcase game on Roblox by the BOB of the BOB Development Studio and is used by him to showcase stuff he's built. The main feature of the game is the [docks]({{- "/wiki/docks" | relative_url -}}) which are mostly used to showcase most of what BOB has made. The game was originally started somewhere in 2018 and has been worked on ever since then. Nowadays the (official) design language of a good majority of the game is semi-futuristic yet simple.

# Major Features

Random Buildings And Parts currently has four major features that are documented here on the wiki. Among them are:

* [Docks]({{- "/wiki/docks" | relative_url -}})
* [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}})
* Currency (documented below)
* [(Text) Chat]({{- "/wiki/chat" | relative_url -}})
* [Music]({{- "/wiki/music" | relative_url -}})

# Currencies

RBAP has had two types of currencies over the course of its history. One of which was in the game but never obtainable and the other is still in the game and is obtainable.

## Coins

The simply named coins currency was the first currency ever added to the game and (somewhat ironically) the first to be removed. It was added to the game and was intended to be used but ultimately was never obtainable or spendable. New players (as in players who didn't previously have the currency) would have started with 0 coins.

A few months after some new Roblox data save listing API came out BOB looked through the old data saves and found out that 118 players were given the starting amount of coins (which as I mentioned earlier was 0). As a thank you to these players for playing back when the coins currency existed, all of them start with 600 Randomness Points instead of the usual 500. The exact list of players is being kept private for the time being to protect their privacy if they would prefer that. The list of players was also compiled from both the main build and the dev build.

## Randomness Points

{% include page-notice type="warning" title="Public Beta" text="Randomness Points are currently **not** being given in the main build as they along with the shop are in a public beta in the pre-update build currently." %}

Randomness Points is the newest and the only currency in the game currently. Randomness Points was added as a public test along with the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}) in [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}). The name Randomness Points is based on two things the first being the name of the game and the second being Roblox's old points system that no longer exists.

New players (as in players who didn't previously have the currency) currently start with 500 Randomness Points. But if that player happened to play when the old coins currency existed they instead start with 600 Randomness Points as mentioned (and explained why) previously.

### Ways of obtaining

Here's all the ways of obtaining Randomness Points currency:

* All games on the [Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) with varying amounts depending on how many times you won and game you won in.

### Ways of spending

Here's all the ways of using Randomness Points currency:

* Buying items in the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}).

# Builds

RBAP has many different types of builds. Each builds has its own characteristic that defines what it's used for. The titles builds are usually prefixed with `Random Buildings And Parts:` with the exception of the main one.

## Main Build

Often titled simply as `Random Buildings And Parts` the main nuild is the only build currently that can joined by anyone at anytime and is also the one that update logs often refer to. It is the 2nd oldest build and has used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

## Pre-Update Build

The pre-update build is often used to publicly show off updates before they get officially released to the main build. This build is only used a handful of times throughout the year and has occasionally been used for other (temporary) purposes. Due to that most of the time it is closed so no one can join and updates featured inside of it often become outdated. When it is open to the public only people in certain group ranks are allowed to join. If you have saved data in this build it is automatically removed after 24 hours. It is the 3rd oldest build and has technically used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

## Imaging Build

The imaging build is the only build that is never open to anyone. It is mainly used to take images for game thumbnails, icons, and images used both on Roblox and here on the wiki. It features RBAP but in a frozen state and things like the season can be controlled. Although it may sound bad to edit the environment an image is taken in for the image the reason for it is not to fake the images but instead to help get more consistent images. It is the 4th oldest build and has only used 1 Roblox place over the course of its history.

## Dev Build

The dev build is often the only build that debug features are enabled in and is never open to the public but is occasionally open to select people. It can also contain some game breaking bugs that BOB hasn't had time to fix as bugs in that build are not always fixed immediately. It also contains the most recent changes to the game (although a lot of the time they are a bit buggy when just added). When BOB is working on the game this build often gets updated constantly throughout the hour especially when he play tests with multiple accounts or in the Roblox Client. It is the oldest build and has used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

# Practices

## Your Saved Data

The only data that is linked to you in [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}) of RBAP is: 

* Your preferences for what titles should be equipped.
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.
* * This was only ever saved if you changed the setting in the old settings panel so if you left or set all three title placement settings at their default value the data of this type would have been removed.
* * **Important note:** As of [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}) the game currently no longer accesses existing data of this type and saves new data of this type.
* Items you own in the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}).
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.
* Whether or not you're purchased a donation.
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.

In case you're concerned about it, how a specific set of data is automatically cleared is also listed. To further add on to that list, in selected builds of the game (which **never** includes the main build) **all** saved data is only kept for a maximum of 30 days (but usually way shorter than that) before it is automatically removed by the Roblox engine.

Another global way to remove saved data about you is to getting contact with BOB (which is easy to do by like posting on BDS's group wall) and asking him to clear out your saved data. Although this isn't exactly recommended if there are other ways to clear out your saved data yourself. If you do use this option please specify which builds you want your data to be removed from or if you want your data to be removed from all of them please specify which ones you may have played in previously (if you can remember).

## Revenue

Although it may seem weird at first Random Buildings And Parts is not made for the purpose of gaining revenue. BOB makes it purely for self enjoyment but at the same time also tries to make it so it's fun for the player to play. And yes this game has microtransactions in it but you won't see them in stuff like a pop-up anytime soon. They're simply there if you want to use them (and BOB does indeed appreciate it if you!).

## Testing

### Before Release

Currently new features that are to be added to the game are usually tested in a pretty in-depth manner. For example usually **every** part of a new system that is to be added to the game is tested by BOB at least once. Although this isn't perfect it does usually uncover most of the bugs players would encounter when they play with the new feature(s).

Another way BOB tests out new features is by showing select people the new update before it's released. Although testing isn't usually the reason he does this one of the side effects to it is the chance of uncovering bugs. Also uncovering bugs this way is generally unlikely and BOB doesn't do this often typically. So for the most part BOB is the game's only tester so to speak.

### After Release

After features are released it is not very common for certain features to be tested specifically unless they're being changed in some way. Usually how bugs get uncovered after this point is BOB accidentally encounters them while playing the game for one reason or another.

Also very occasionally BOB will go through the entirety of the game and test out every (user-facing) feature in the game. This doesn't usually yield much but does ensure the game is still functioning throughout the entire player experience. But as mentioned previously this is rarely done **usually** in a range of **at least** 1 to 3 months at a time.

## Translation Support

RBAP currently has no Translation support due to the fact that BOB is the only one that works on it so it'd be way too time consuming to manage not to mention it costs money to upkeep for little to no return. Although what was just said is all true BOB is willing to add support for automatic translations if and when it *finally* gets fully released by Roblox (but note that has been months since it got "fully released").

Commit message:

Updated RBAP.md and removed Walkway-Transportation.md

Wiki/RBAP.md, after:

---
permalink: /wiki
title: "Random Buildings And Parts"
redirect_from:
  - /Wiki/RBAP
  - /wiki/rbap
  - /Wiki
  - /
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V6`](/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0)"
sidebars:
  page_subject_info:
    title: "Random Buildings And Parts"
    color: "#a0bed3"
    titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
    main_image:
      path: "/Assets/Images/Roblox-Place/Main-Build/Icon.png"
    description: "Above is the current icon of the game"
---

Random Buildings And Parts (stylized like that) or RBAP for short is a showcase game on Roblox by the BOB of the BOB Development Studio and is used by him to showcase stuff he's built. The main feature of the game is the [docks]({{- "/wiki/docks" | relative_url -}}) which are mostly used to showcase most of what BOB has made. The game was originally started somewhere in 2018 and has been worked on ever since then. Nowadays the (official) design language of a good majority of the game is semi-futuristic yet simple.

# Major Features

Random Buildings And Parts currently has four major features that are documented here on the wiki. Among them are:

* [Docks]({{- "/wiki/docks" | relative_url -}})
* [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}})
* Currency (documented below)
* [(Text) Chat]({{- "/wiki/chat" | relative_url -}})
* [Music]({{- "/wiki/music" | relative_url -}})

# Currencies

RBAP has had two types of currencies over the course of its history. One of which was in the game but never obtainable and the other is still in the game and is obtainable.

## Coins

The simply named coins currency was the first currency ever added to the game and (somewhat ironically) the first to be removed. It was added to the game and was intended to be used but ultimately was never obtainable or spendable. New players (as in players who didn't previously have the currency) would have started with 0 coins.

A few months after some new Roblox data save listing API came out BOB looked through the old data saves and found out that 118 players were given the starting amount of coins (which as mentioned previously was 0). As a thank you to these players for playing back when the coins currency existed, all of them start with 600 Randomness Points instead of the usual 500. The exact list of players is being kept private for the time being to protect their privacy if they would prefer that. The list of players was also compiled from both the main build and the dev build (the only builds of RBAP back then).

## Randomness Points

{% include page-notice type="warning" title="Public Beta" text="Randomness Points are currently **not** being given in the main build as they along with the shop are in a public beta in the pre-update build currently." %}

Randomness Points is the newest and the only currency in the game currently. Randomness Points was added as a public test along with the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}) in [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}). The name Randomness Points is based on two things the first being the name of the game and the second being Roblox's old points system that no longer exists.

New players (as in players who didn't previously have the currency) currently start with 500 Randomness Points. But if that player happened to play when the old coins currency existed they instead start with 600 Randomness Points as mentioned (and explained why) previously.

### Ways of obtaining

Here's all the ways of obtaining Randomness Points currency:

* All games on the [Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) with varying amounts depending on how many times you won and game you won in.

### Ways of spending

Here's all the ways of using Randomness Points currency:

* Buying items in the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}).

# Builds

RBAP has many different types of builds. Each builds has its own characteristic that defines what it's used for. The titles builds are usually prefixed with `Random Buildings And Parts:` with the exception of the main build.

## Main Build

Often titled simply as `Random Buildings And Parts` the main nuild is the only build currently that can joined by anyone at anytime and is also the one that update logs often refer to. It is the 2nd oldest build and has used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

## Pre-Update Build

The pre-update build is often used to publicly show off updates before they get released to the main build. This build is only used a handful of times throughout the year and has occasionally been used for other (temporary) purposes. Due to that most of the time it is closed so no one can join and updates featured inside of it often become outdated. When it is open to the public only people in certain group ranks are allowed to join. If you have saved data in this build it is automatically removed after 24 hours. It is the 3rd oldest build and has technically used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

## Imaging Build

The imaging build is the only build that is never open to anyone. It is mainly used to take images for game thumbnails, icons, and images used both on Roblox and here on the wiki. It features RBAP but in a frozen state and things like the season can be controlled. Although it may sound bad to edit the environment an image is taken in for the image the reason for it is not to fake the images but instead to help get more consistent images. It is the 4th oldest build and has only used 1 Roblox place over the course of its history.

## Dev Build

The dev build is often the only build that debug features are enabled in and is never open to the public but is occasionally open to select people. It can also contain some game breaking bugs that BOB hasn't had time to fix as bugs (including game breaking bugs) in this build are not always fixed immediately. It also contains the most recent changes to the game (although a lot of the time they are a bit buggy when just added). When BOB is working on the game this build often gets updated constantly throughout the hour especially when he play tests with multiple accounts or in the Roblox Client. It is the oldest build and has used 2 Roblox places over the course of its history.

# Player Conveyors

The Player Conveyors are the primary source of transportation to each of end of the RBAP's map. They have been in the game in many different forms since at least around late 2018. Their current form was introduced in [`V3`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/3-0-0" | relative_url -}}) of the game and is of a futuristic looking conveyor belt featuring moving textures and is inspired by RB Battles' Season 2 hub and older versions of the game (like early fourth quarter of 2018 old).

The speed of the texture moving inside of the conveyor belts and the speed of the conveyor belts is the exact same (pretending like Roblox doesn't add visual glitches to the texture). The speed of both of them is currently set to a Roblox character's default walking speed. So if you ride and walk on it at the same time you'll be going twice the speed you normally would if you were just walking. Fun fact: The speed of each of them remains the same no matter what the length of the conveyor belts is (or in other words the distance from end to end).

<img src="{{- "/Assets/Images/Player%20Conveyors.png" | relative_url -}}" alt="">

# Practices

## Your Saved Data

The only data that is linked to you in [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}) of RBAP is: 

* Your preferences for what titles should be equipped.
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.
* * This was only ever saved if you changed any of the three title placement settings in the old settings panel. If you left or set all three title placement settings at their default value the data of this type would have been removed.
* * **Important note:** As of [`V6`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0" | relative_url -}}) the game currently no longer accesses existing data of this type and saves new data of this type.
* Items you own in the [Shop]({{- "/wiki/shop" | relative_url -}}).
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.
* Whether or not you're purchased a donation.
* * Currently there is no automated system to clear it out and you can't do it yourself. Refer to one of the sentences below this list for a way to clear it.

In case you're concerned about it, how a specific set of data is automatically cleared is also listed. To further add on to that list, in selected builds of the game (which **never** includes the main build) **all** saved data is only kept for a maximum of 30 days (but usually way shorter than that) before it is automatically removed by the Roblox engine.

Another global way to remove saved data about you is to getting contact with BOB (which is easy to do by like posting on BDS's group wall) and asking him to clear out your saved data. Although this isn't exactly recommended if there are other ways to clear out your saved data yourself. If you do use this option please specify which builds you want your data to be removed from or if you want your data to be removed from all of them please specify which ones you may have played in previously (if you can remember).

## Revenue

Although it may seem weird at first Random Buildings And Parts is not made for the purpose of gaining revenue. BOB makes it purely for self enjoyment but at the same time also tries to make it so it's fun for the player to play. And yes this game has microtransactions in it but you won't see them in stuff like a pop-up anytime soon. They're simply there if you want to use them (and BOB does indeed appreciate it if you!).

## Testing

### Before Release

Currently new features that are to be added to the game are usually tested in a pretty in-depth manner. For example usually **every** part of a new system that is to be added to the game is tested by BOB at least once. Although this isn't perfect it does usually uncover most of the bugs players would encounter when they play with the new feature(s).

Another way BOB tests out new features is by showing select people the new update before it's released. Although testing isn't usually the reason he does this one of the side effects to it is the chance of uncovering bugs. Also uncovering bugs this way is generally unlikely and BOB doesn't do this often typically. So for the most part BOB is the game's only tester so to speak.

### After Release

After features are released it is not very common for certain features to be tested specifically unless they're being changed in some way. Usually how bugs get uncovered after this point is BOB accidentally encounters them while playing the game for one reason or another.

Also very occasionally BOB will go through the entirety of the game and test out every (user-facing) feature in the game. This doesn't usually yield much but does ensure the game is still functioning throughout the entire player experience. But as mentioned previously this is rarely done **usually** in a range of **at least** 1 to 3 months at a time.

## Translation Support

RBAP currently has no Translation support due to the fact that BOB is the only one that works on it so it'd be way too time consuming to manage not to mention it costs money to upkeep for little to no return. Although what was just said is all true BOB is willing to add support for automatic translations if and when it *finally* gets fully released by Roblox (but note that has been months since it got "fully released").
