Wiki/Snow-Cubes.md, before:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Snow-Cubes
title: Snow Cubes
page_subject_info:
  title: "Snow Cubes"
  color: "#e1e1e1"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Main.png"
  description: "The Snow Cube model is one of the oldest if not the oldest model (as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)) still used in the game to this day"
---

You may not think about it much but this little model has some history. It is (as far as BOB knows) the oldest (as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)) still being used model in the game. As far as anyone knows the shape of it has not been changed in any way since it was created.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Main.png" alt="">

# Here's the list of all the Snow Cubes' appearances as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0):

## The Original

In a RBAP dev build version from 6:18 AM on 2/19/19 the Snow Cubes made its first appearance. Surprisingly the Roblox Union object behind the shape of the Snow Cube model has actually stood the test of time as it has not been edited since.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Original.png" alt="">

## [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock)

Later on the same day as the original appearance at 8:33 PM the Snow Cubes made its second appearance in the new (at the time) [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock) (although it was not originally called a dock). This is the oldest appearance of the Snow Cubes that is (as of [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0)) still in the game to this day. The Snow Cubes that are used in the dock have remained untouched ever since the dock was added.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Ice-Cube-Tray.png" alt="">

## Trees?

Somehow the Snow Cubes managed to find their way into being a leaf on a tree. That's right, the leaves of the trees in the middle of the map use a differently colored and sized Snow Cube model. Before [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) (which brought the [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock)) this was the only appearance of the Snow Cubes that did not use the original design of the Snow Cubes.

## [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock)

Much like with the trees the Snow Cubes made another (differently colored and shaped) appearance this time in the [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock) added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). The colors of them were actually picked by a simple randomizer script BOB wrote (and in case you're wondering there was no maximum or minimum color value set).

## Snow Day

Starting in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) from December 18th to the 26th the Snow Cubes make yet another appearance in a tower inspired by the Snow Cubes original appearance. The location of the tower is very close to the entrance elevator. Once it hits that time frame the tower will appear in all existing and new servers. The reason for the Snow Cubes model being used here is because due to the spotlight's ability to track the character's movements BOB wanted some way for the character to go up in height as well.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Snow-Day.png" alt="">

Commit message:

Added mentioned game content status data
This is also one of those updates where I task myself with reading through a lot of text on the wiki and fixing any mistakes I see.

Wiki/Snow-Cubes.md, after:

---
permalink: /Wiki/Snow-Cubes
title: Snow Cubes
mentioned_game_content:
  last_status_check: "Wiki update for RBAP update [`V5.2`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0)"
page_subject_info:
  title: "Snow Cubes"
  color: "#e1e1e1"
  titles_text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  main_image:
    path: "/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Main.png"
  description: "The Snow Cube model is one of the oldest if not the oldest model still used in the game to this day"
---

You may not think about it much but this little model has some history. It is (as far as BOB knows) currently the oldest still being used model in the game. As far as anyone knows the shape of it has not been changed in any way since it was created.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Main.png" alt="">

# Here's the list of all the Snow Cubes' appearances currently:

## The Original

In a RBAP dev build version from 6:18 AM on 2/19/19 the Snow Cubes made its first appearance. Surprisingly the Roblox Union object behind the shape of the Snow Cube model has actually stood the test of time as it has not been edited since.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Original.png" alt="">

## [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock)

Later on the same day as the original appearance at 8:33 PM the Snow Cubes made its second appearance in the new (at the time) [Ice Cube Tray Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Ice-Cube-Tray-Dock) (although it was not originally called a dock). This is the oldest appearance of the Snow Cubes that is still in the game to this day. The Snow Cubes that are used in the dock have remained untouched ever since the dock was added.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Ice-Cube-Tray.png" alt="">

## Trees?

Somehow the Snow Cubes managed to find their way into being a leaf on a tree. That's right, the leaves of the trees in the middle of the map use a differently colored and sized Snow Cube model. Before [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) (which brought the [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock)) this was the only appearance of the Snow Cubes that did not use the original design of the Snow Cubes.

## [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock)

Much like with the trees the Snow Cubes made another (differently colored and shaped) appearance this time in the [Moving Spotlight Dock](/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock) added in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0). The colors of them were actually picked by a simple randomizer script BOB wrote (and in case you're wondering there was no maximum or minimum color value set).

## Snow Day

Starting in [`V5`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0) from December 18th to the 26th the Snow Cubes make yet another appearance in a tower inspired by the Snow Cubes original appearance. The location of the tower is very close to the entrance elevator. Once it hits that time frame the tower will appear in all existing and new servers. The reason for the Snow Cubes model being used here is because due to the spotlight's ability to track the character's movements BOB wanted some way for the character to go up in height as well.

<img class="dock-image" src="/RBAP-Wiki/Assets/Images/Snow-Cubes/Snow-Day.png" alt="">
