---
permalink: /wiki/posts/update-log/6-0-0
title: "V6.0.0 Update Log"
short_description: ""
update_published_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: true
published_time_uses_pdt: false
pinned: true
tags:
  - V6
  - Most Recent
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}



{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* After over a month of hard work (that started in 2021 and ended in 2022) a shop has been added to the game.{% comment %} Credit to anyone who gets the joke in that sentence. :) {% endcomment %}
* * As of this update the shop only sells character customisation related items.
* * Note that this is being released as a **public beta**! Meaning it will initially be released to the pre-update build while the rest of the update is released to the main build.
* * * It will become available in the main build in some capacity in a future update.
* * This originally started being worked on when this update was still called `V5.4` as this update was only really supposed to include the (text) chat command changes.
* * * This change / the shop also broke a few RBAP records among them are the fact that after it start of being worked on this one change was being worked on for many weeks in a row.
* Added a new currency called Randomness Points to the game.
* * For this update the amount that you start with has been set to 500.
* * * If you're lucky enough to have played when the old never actually used "Coins" currency was still in the game you'll get a starting bonus of 100 Randomness Points as a thank you for playing back then. This only applies to 118 Roblox accounts who's old "Coins" currency data save was recovered from older Roblox places once used by the game.
* * Currently the only way to obtain Randomness Points is to play in the [Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) as each of the games on that dock award some amount of Randomness Points for winning. Purchasing via Robux is planned but the shop doesn't have support for it yet.
* * * Also for games that have more than one round the total amount that can be earned from that game is divided between each round. The winnings are calculated, rounded down (if needed), and then awarded at the end of these games.
* * If you'd like to see how much you own refer to the bottom of the shop's UI for the number.
* * For now this new currency is bundled with the shop's public beta. Meaning it can only be encountered when the shop can be encountered.
* Added major improvements to (text) chat commands.
* * The most notable change is... there is now an autocomplete menu!
* * * It shows all sorts of info about parameters and commands. Among the info is:
* * * * Suggested values for parameters. (Sometimes they are the only value that can be used in a parameter.)
* * * * Commands that are close to what is typed out.
* * * * Individual descriptions of parameters and commands. These are unlike the descriptions that are listed in the help command as those ones are the full descriptions.
* * * It can be navigated via the up, down, and tab keys.
* * The system that handles the running of commands has been completely overhauled.
* * * Parameters are split up by a space character. In order to avoid that, simply put " around a parameter. And in order to avoid the " character being recognized, put a \ in front of it.
* * * There's also more backend changes that are not really notable.
* Added other updates to the (text) chat.
* * Display names are now included in the name of a player shown in a message. This only happens if the user has a display name set and the username itself is only moved off to the side.
* Updated the [Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}).
* * All games on the dock now list who has won if they didn't previously and also now track that information if they didn't previously.
* * Each platform in Game Rooms 1 and 2 can now tell who's on them. This new functionality is used in the change above.
* * The text on signs are now bold by default.
* * * Most previous uses of bold text have been converted to underlined text instead. The remaining bold text uses were removed.
* * * This was done to help improve the readability from far distances as the font that is being used is not great for that but since it fits the theme it's still being kept.
* * The checkered pattern used on the platforms in Game Rooms 1 and 2 will now adapt to the color of the platform.
* * * If the color of the platform is pretty light the checkered pattern will instead apply a shade of black instead of only ever applying a shade of white.
* * Updated the [Game Says]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#game-says" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * The color that was listed as Purple is now listed as Pink.
* * * The color that is listed as Orange is now a tad bit brighter shade of Orange.
* * * Fixed some minor character capitalization issues in the instructions given each round.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Four Corners]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#four-corners" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * There is now 3 rounds instead of 5. This is so that this game, [Game Says]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#game-says" | relative_url -}}), and [Light Chaser]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#light-chaser" | relative_url -}}) take relatively the same amount of time to go through all their rounds before a new game is chosen.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Four Corners: Reversed]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#four-corners-reversed" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * Same as [Four Corners]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#four-corners" | relative_url -}}) there is now 3 rounds instead of 5.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Light Chaser]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#light-chaser" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * The dialogue that indicates that it's the final round will now be replaced with the original game instructions shortly after being typed. It was originally supposed to do this but didn't do to an oversight.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Door Master]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#door-master" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Path Finder]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#path-finder" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * Which barrier will be missing in a row of barriers is now different for each player.
* * * The timer can now be stopped by all players reaching the end.
* * * You must now get to the end platform/area to be counted as a winner. Previously you just had to be nearby.
* * * Once the timer has expired when players reach the end they will not be processed.
* * * 
* * Updated the [Path Finder: Minefield]({{- "/wiki/docks/game-rooms-dock#path-finder-minefield" | relative_url -}}) game.
* * * Mines are now bigger and more spread out. This will make them a harder to avoid but over time you'll be able to get to the end still.
* * * The timer can now be stopped by all players reaching the end.
* * * You must now get to the end area to be counted as a winner. Previously you just had to be nearby.
* * * Once the timer has expired when players reach the end they will not be processed.
* * * 
* * Added support for a currently playing typing animation to be overridden by a newly requested one. Previously this wasn't so each game avoided it by using different timing tricks.
* * Finally fixed the technical issue of sub games sharing the chance of being selected with their normal counterpart.
* The trees in the plant bed in the center of the map now look more like real trees but are still randomly generated.
* * Also trees once again no longer have leaves in the winter. This used to be in the game a while ago.
* * Fun fact: The previous plant beds that were in the game before the current one (at the time of writing) were supposed to have randomly generated semi-realistic trees but back then it was **way** more complicated than it is now.
* The speed of the Player Conveyors is now set to exactly a Roblox character's default walking speed.
* * This is due to the fact that I remade the formula that is used to a similar one to the one that is used in a Roblox character's walking speed.
* * Due to this there has been a 9% loss of speed.
* * * In case anybody is curious, the actual number is 8.5714285714286...%.
* The "snow day" holiday and all Christmas music now go away after the 25th instead of the 26th.
* The Halloween holiday now lasts from October 17th to the 31st instead of being active the entire month.
* Gave the system that handles the game's intro some **much-needed** improvement.
* * For context this system is (as far as I know) the oldest system still around in the game so as a result much of it uses ways of writing code that I would never use nowadays. But it's a bit too technical to explain here how outdated it is.
* * Removed support for the [Techtation](https://www.roblox.com/games/6201734639/) integration added in [`V3.1`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/3-1-0" | relative_url -}}). Now when you go to the doors to the game in [Techtation](https://www.roblox.com/games/6201734639/) no action pop-up will appear.
* * * As a result there will no longer be a black screen before the main loading screen appears.
* * * The area where the station showcase entrance used to be has been covered up.
* * The default Roblox loading screen is now requested to be removed much sooner.
* * Remade the implementation from [`V4`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/4-0-0" | relative_url -}}) that blocked the ability to click past the intro.
* * * This new one is much more stable and allows the play button to be clicked even while the loading screen is moving away.
* * A lot of delay between a user joining the game and the loading screen appearing has been removed.
* * Added other unnoticeable technical improvements. The system is still outdated by a wide margin (and is still awaiting a complete remake at the time of writing) but at least it's somewhat better now.
* Changed the color of the water in the ice cube tray on the [Ice Cube Tray Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/ice-cube-tray-dock" | relative_url -}}).
* The system that manages the name tags above the characters of players no longer makes any data storing requests. Previously it did this to save and load title preferences that were previously able to be set using the now removed settings panel.
* * Any title preferences data that was saved before this update is still available as of the time of writing but the name tags system will no longer access said data or save new data.
* * Oh and also the settings panel that used to be in the game that was removed temporarily due to some bugs is now going to be considered permanently removed.
* Retried at the fixing of a bug where the text and the background color of the UI on the signs on the [Old Game Rooms Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/old-game-rooms-dock" | relative_url -}}) would Z-fight. This was previously attempted in [`V5`]({{- "/wiki/posts/update-log/5-0-0" | relative_url -}}).
* Fixed a very critical issue with temporary data saving in some builds other than the main build. Previously the entire system was (unknowingly) broken.
* * Just happened to be debugging a related issue and came across the source of this issue. It may seem simple but this issue was actually very good at hiding itself throughout the game and the only way to find it would have been to dig into the system.
* Putting either a tab character or new line character in a message in the (text) chat will no longer return an error. In the case of tab characters they will be replaced with a single space character and as for new line characters they will just be removed.
* Certain (text) chat message regulations have been temporarily and/or permanently turned off. Them being:
* * Too many uppercase characters
* * No characters or numbers
* Updated the (text) chat scrolling animation: It is now more likely to play when a new message is added while the viewport is at the bottom.
* * Technical details: Instead of the viewport having to be exactly at the bottom the viewport can be off by a range of 5 pixels.
* A new custom made system has been added for the management of player characters. It is mainly used by the shop for character customization.
* Falling off of the map now functions how it used to before it was last updated.
* * Decided I wasn't really a fan of that new functionality so I disabled it (for now at least).
* Managed to make the game's time tracking systems even more accurate.
* * Although there is one little caveat: How this change has been implemented leaves room for the system not recognizing that for example it's the next minute but this happening looks like it would be quite rare.
* Disabled Roblox made warnings in the developer console that mention infinite yielding. This affects all systems both past and present that are in the game that are not made by a third party.

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}