---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0
title: "V5.2.0 Update Log"
short_description: ""
update_published_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: true
published_time_uses_pdt: false
tags:
  - V5
  - Improvements Only
  - Most Recent
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/update-Log/5-2-0
  - /Posts/Update-log/5-2-0
  - /Posts/update-log/5-2-0
  - /Posts/Update-Log/5-2-0/
  - /Posts/update-Log/5-2-0/
  - /Posts/Update-log/5-2-0/
  - /Posts/update-log/5-2-0/
  
  - /Update-Log/5-2-0
  - /update-Log/5-2-0
  - /Update-log/5-2-0
  - /update-log/5-2-0
  - /Update-Log/5-2-0/
  - /update-Log/5-2-0/
  - /Update-log/5-2-0/
  - /update-log/5-2-0/
  
  - /Update/5-2-0
  - /update/5-2-0
  - /Update/5-2-0/
  - /update/5-2-0/
  
  - /V5-2-0
  - /v5-2-0
  - /V5-2-0/
  - /v5-2-0/
  
  - /V5-2
  - /v5-2
  - /V5-2/
  - /v5-2/
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}



{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* Added some **major** improvements to the [Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock):
* * Here's the major change: There is an entirely new game room!
* * * Unlike the other 2 game rooms this one allows for custom maps instead of just the 3x3 grid. And the maps can be way bigger than said grid. And each game has its own dedicated music.
* * * Also unlike the other 2 game rooms this one **requires** players in order to function and will not run without at least one player present. Also it does not support live joining.
* * * As of this update the plan is to have all games that are available in this new game room capable of doing single player.
* * Games are now chosen using a most recently played based system. Or in other words the longer a game isn't played the more likely it is to be played in the next available game room that supports it.
* * * Also if a game has just started being played it is **guaranteed** to not be played in the next available game room. This is not true if there is only one available game to choose from.
* * * Note that variants of a single game like the [Four Corners](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock#four-corners) game and the [Four Corners: Reversed](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock#four-corners-reversed) game are grouped together and treated as one game by this new system.
* * Changed the timings of the light movement in the [Light Chaser](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock#light-chaser) game. Exact specifications are secret for the time being but you will now have just enough time to walk to each platform and the timings are now distance based.
* * Added even more random stuff to be used in instructions in the [Game Says](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock#game-says) game.
* * * Best estimates would say that the number of random stuff has been doubled at least.
* Pretty much completely redesigned the **entire** (text) chat.
* * Refer to the [new wiki page on it](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Chat) for more info.
* Fixed some inefficiencies in the [Construction Barrier Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Construction-Barrier-Dock).
* Updated the music system to make it possible for each game in the new game room to have its own music.
* Fixed a long time bug: Dropdowns in the settings panel are now able to be scrolled again. This bug was logged for me to fix shortly after the settings panel was released.
* * In case you're wondering, this bug was caused by Roblox so naturally the fix that has been implemented is not ideal.
* Added an in-game avatar editor.
* * It is a fork of a [in-game avatar editor provided by Roblox](https://github.com/Roblox/avatar/tree/main/InGameAvatarEditor).
* * **Important note:** This depends on API from the Roblox engine that is not yet out of closed beta. So although the avatar editor got added in this update it will not be enabled.

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}