---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/4-2-0
title: "V4.2.0 Update Log"
short_description: ""
update_published_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "0000-00-00 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: false
published_time_uses_pdt: true
tags:
  - V4
  - Most Recent
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/update-Log/4-2-0
  - /Posts/Update-log/4-2-0
  - /Posts/update-log/4-2-0
  - /Posts/Update-Log/4-2-0/
  - /Posts/update-Log/4-2-0/
  - /Posts/Update-log/4-2-0/
  - /Posts/update-log/4-2-0/
  
  - /Update-Log/4-2-0
  - /update-Log/4-2-0
  - /Update-log/4-2-0
  - /update-log/4-2-0
  - /Update-Log/4-2-0/
  - /update-Log/4-2-0/
  - /Update-log/4-2-0/
  - /update-log/4-2-0/
  
  - /Update/4-2-0
  - /update/4-2-0
  - /Update/4-2-0/
  - /update/4-2-0/
  
  - /V4-2-0
  - /v4-2-0
  - /V4-2-0/
  - /v4-2-0/
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}



# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* Updated the game rooms dock:
* * Update the Game Says game:
* * * It now has 5 rounds instead of 10.
* * * There's an easter egg that has been added that can only be found on the 24th of any month or when Unbitterness is in the server when the Game Says game starts. (The 24th was chosen by Unbitterness btw.)
* * Update the Four Corners game:
* * * None yet.
* * Update the Four Corners: Reversed game:
* * * None yet.
* Another thing has been added that will only appear on the 24th of any month as well: The old game rooms dock! (Day also chosen by Unbitterness btw.)
* * Due to limitations of the dock placing system among other reasons the server has to be started after it becomes the 24th. If the server is started after it then the dock will be placed.
* * 15 minutes before midnight the dock entrance's dock type will change and then 15 minutes later the gate will be raised. It has a margin of error of at most a minute.
* There's now a more unified way to have a time zone used by most of the game. Look for the new statistic on the server and game info dock for the time zone being used.
* * The two previously listed things that happen on the 24th use the time zone listed. No other parts of the game use it as of this update.
* Remodeled the model used for dock entrances. It has a lot more detail than the previous one and is overall more lighter.
* * Only two things were not touched them being the gate and the boxes where an end of the cables are held.
* Added some improvements to the dock entrance system:
* * Most notable is because of the remodel dock types now the ability to control some new lights that I like to call warning lights. As of this update only one dock type uses it.
* * Improved some major parts of the system like for example there are now default values for dock type data values. Although note that's really the only notable difference.
* * (Made the system compatible with the remodeled dock entrance.)
* Added other changes to the server and game info dock as well:
* * Fixed the server running time statistic. It wasn't necessarily broken, it was just off by around 30 seconds usually. Now it's off by around 1 second to a really long small decimal.
* * The private server owner user id statistic has been shortened to private server owner and now displays the username instead.
* The chat has been reforked with all the custom edits being completely remade from scratch. This new forked chat has futures like:
* * A completely custom mute and unmute command system. It can mute and unmute more than one player at the same time and does not require an entire username to be typed out.
* * * If you don't provide the commands something to search usernames with the commands will run on all the players. Note that this is not intentional and has no guarantee of staying like this.
* * The ability to @ players. When someone @ you the background of the message will be different.
* * A new system which lists the time messages were sent. It also makes a time header when a message is sent and the time since the previous time header is more than an hour.
* * If you start a message off with a slash it will not be sent but instead will return an error saying that the command does not exist (unless one does actually exist).
* * The ability to see what commands you typed in the list of messages. (Only you can see the message.)
* * Support for rich text. Players can't utilize it though.
* * The channels bar is now visible. Although notably the System channel is hidden.
* * Redesigned system messages. They are made to look like a player but with a few notable differences.
* * The ability to see if a system message is from a command and what command that is. This is only supported on custom made system messages.
* * Chat localization is now locked on English due to there being custom system messages.
* * The ability to have select messages not echo into the main channel. This is primarily used in custom made commands.
* Added three new dock types all of which are used for the old game rooms dock. You can find them documented on the wiki [here](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open), [here](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open-Closing-Soon), and [here](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open-Closed-Live).
* Changed the color, material, and height of the area beneath the entrance elevator to match the area beneath most of the center of the map.
* Disabled 3 spawn locations. 1 on the top floor and 2 on the bottom floor.
* Added a few minor changes to 2 systems which manage the reset button and falling off of the map respectively:
* * Both systems now take into account whether a spawn location is actually enabled or not. Also they now make sure that it's an actual spawn location too.
* * The system that manages players' characters that have fallen off the map now checks player character locations every second instead of every quarter of a second.
