---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/4-1-0
title: "V4.1.0 Update Log"
short_description: "This update introduces a new settings panel with the ability to edit what titles you have equipped."
update_published_at: "2021-06-24 12:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-06-24 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-10-06 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: false
published_time_uses_pdt: true
tags:
  - V4
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* A new settings panel has been added! You can find the button for it at the bottom right of your screen.
* * There is now the ability to change what titles you have equipped!
* Donation amounts now give special titles and donation amount #6 is back.
* The text on the [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock) should be nicer to look at and more readable now.

{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* A new settings panel has been added!
* * The button to open it can be found on the bottom right of the screen.
* * You can now finally edit the titles that you have equipped! I've been wanting to make this a reality for quite some time now as I originally came up with the idea in *at least* late 2018.
* * * The titles listed in the title settings' dropdown are sorted by priority which is used by the title system to determine what title you should have equipped when the auto option is on.
* * * There are 2 options that are not titles. They are the none and the auto option. The none option should be pretty self-explanatory but the auto auction may not be so let's explain it a little bit:
* * * * This is the default option. When selected it gives the title system permission to pick which title it thinks you should have based on the priority of each title you have available. If you have none then it will show none but if you have at least one it will show which one has the highest priority. Due to a technical limitation when you select the auto option the title on your character will be removed but this only lasts until you respawn your character.
* * * In the rare chance a title's placement gets changed you will have to re-equip the title. (This is intended by the way.)
* * * When all three title settings are set to auto the system does not save any title preference data related to you and if you already had an existing save it will be removed.
* * If you think the panel is not up-to-date with the rest of the game simply reopen it as that forces it to reload it's data. If it still not up-to-date then there is a bug that needs to be fixed.
* * The panel is automatically scaled depending on the screen size. It currently has a minimum of 60% of its normal size and no maximum.
* Some new rewards for purchasing donations have been added: They are titles! Each donation amount has its own title with the color getting brighter and the wording getting better as you purchase higher and higher donation amounts.
* Donation amount #5 has been decreased to 250 Robux and donation amount #6 has been put back onsale (for the original price of donation amount #5 (which is 1000 Robux)).
* Both lists of changes on the [Update Logs Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Update-Logs-Dock) have been changed:
* * The overall amount of space dedicated to a change is now automatically determined instead of manually.
* * The text is no longer scaled by Roblox meaning everything is the same size. Overall text size is lower then it used to be though.
* * There is now a wider gap in between each change.
* The system that automatically **scales** the UI in game has been updated:
* * It no longer uses Roblox provided numbers in order to determine the scaling that it should use. Instead for each axis it takes the axis size of your screen divided by the axis size of what the game is optimized for and then takes an average of the numbers gotten from both axes in order to get the final number that is used.
* * * I would love to be able to scale each axis individually but due to a technical limitation made by Roblox it is quite hard to if not impossible.
* Added a few minor changes to the keyboard used by the guy that types lines of code into the fake console: Select keys now move!
* * Letter and number keys will be pressed randomly with a letter key being more likely to be pressed.
* * Shift keys will be pressed when an uppercase letter is typed and no shift keys are being pressed.
* * The space key will be pressed when a space is typed and the space key is not being pressed.
* * The enter key will be pressed when the entry box is cleared.
* The corners of the desk used by the guy that types lines of code into the fake console are now rounded.
* The device prediction algorithm now knows if you're on Windows or not (and if you are it will mark you as using a computer).
* Removed the is the server officially recognized statistic from the [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock) due to it being pretty pointless.
* Edited (and added fixes to) how the live updating titles system of the new name tags system that was introduced in the previous update ([`V4`](/RBAP-Wiki/Posts/Update-Log/4-0-0)) works.

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}