---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/3-1-1
title: "V3.1.1 Update Log"
short_description: "Added mostly quality improvements, nothing huge to the average player."
update_published_at: "2021-03-30 04:15:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-04-16 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-05-01 00:00:00 +00:00"
tags:
  - V3
  - Improvements Only
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/update-Log/3-1-1
  - /Posts/Update-log/3-1-1
  - /Posts/update-log/3-1-1
  - /Posts/Update-Log/3-1-1/
  - /Posts/update-Log/3-1-1/
  - /Posts/Update-log/3-1-1/
  - /Posts/update-log/3-1-1/
  
  - /Update-Log/3-1-1
  - /update-Log/3-1-1
  - /Update-log/3-1-1
  - /update-log/3-1-1
  - /Update-Log/3-1-1/
  - /update-Log/3-1-1/
  - /Update-log/3-1-1/
  - /update-log/3-1-1/
  
  - /Update/3-1-1
  - /update/3-1-1
  - /Update/3-1-1/
  - /update/3-1-1/
  
  - /V3-1-1
  - /v3-1-1
  - /V3-1-1/
  - /v3-1-1/
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* Added mostly quality improvements, nothing huge to the average player.

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* Reorganized some of the backend for the dock placing system.
* Fixed a mistake that would have messed up how the docks are placed and which ones are placed at which dock entrance. - For unknown reasons it wasn't appearing to affect anything but I suspect it would if it actually was.
* Moved the old game room dock to where it should have been. (Two more dock entrances were added in the last update to account for the size of the showcase integration but I forgot to move the old game room dock.)
* * Same applies to the NPC key dock although it was only moved one dock entrance over
* Added some updates to the dock placing system that I have been long wanting to do:
* * Docks in the middle section of the map are now (finally) automatically placed. This makes it so every dock in the game is placed by the game and not by me (with a few exceptions). Yay!
* * Docks are now (finally) placed alphabetically (or to be more specific by a list of priorities of each character which the explanation for is *way* beyond the scope of this update log). This is dependent on what I like to call the docks and doesn't actually have to be their user-facing name but usually is. Also this change does not affect docks with reserved dock entrances for obvious reasons. - The old organizing system was based on when they were listed in a list.