---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0
title: "V5.0 Update Log"
short_description: ""
update_published_at: "2021-08-19 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-08-19 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-08-19 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: false
published_time_uses_pdt: true
pinned: true
tags:
  - V4
  - Biggest Yet
  - Most Recent
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/update-Log/5-0-0
  - /Posts/Update-log/5-0-0
  - /Posts/update-log/5-0-0
  - /Posts/Update-Log/5-0-0/
  - /Posts/update-Log/5-0-0/
  - /Posts/Update-log/5-0-0/
  - /Posts/update-log/5-0-0/
  
  - /Update-Log/5-0-0
  - /update-Log/5-0-0
  - /Update-log/5-0-0
  - /update-log/5-0-0
  - /Update-Log/5-0-0/
  - /update-Log/5-0-0/
  - /Update-log/5-0-0/
  - /update-log/5-0-0/
  
  - /Update/5-0-0
  - /update/5-0-0
  - /Update/5-0-0/
  - /update/5-0-0/
  
  - /V5-0-0
  - /v5-0-0
  - /V5-0-0/
  - /v5-0-0/
  
  - /V5-0
  - /v5-0
  - /V5-0/
  - /v5-0/
  
  - /V5
  - /v5
  - /V5/
  - /v5/
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}



# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* Added two new docks! The [Wheel of Oddities](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Wheel-of-Oddities-Dock) and the [Moving Spotlight](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Moving-Spotlight-Dock) both of which are interactive.
* This took a while and a LOT of work to make but it was definitely worth it: The dock placing system has now been completely remade! It is also now officially called the Dock System.
* * It includes the ability to live add and remove docks! The previous system only added docks when the game was doing initial loading.
* * It is also **much** more flexible and robust than the old system.
* * Somewhat related change: Clients now retrieve docks when they're being loaded in a more reliable way. The old way left room for errors when players try to join the game after docks have been loaded.
* * All docks (as of this update) can know when players are on them. This is primarily used by the dock system and not individual docks with the exception of the two new ones.
* * Dock entrances 1, 2, and 3 on the map's main sides 1 and 2 are now only for docks with reserved dock entrances. Meaning docks will not be automatically placed at those dock entrances.
* New docks will now temporarily be placed near the entrance elevator with the signs of the dock entrances used by the dock having a new dock indicator on them. (*Only works with certain supported dock entrance types.)
* * The length of how long they're placed there is not a hard set number and is set manually for each dock.
* Updated the [Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock):
* * Played around with the coloring of all the platforms in the game rooms.
* * Updated the Game Says game:
* * * It now has 5 rounds instead of 10.
* * * There's an easter egg that has been added that can only be found on the 24th of any month or when Unbitterness is in the server when the Game Says game starts. (The 24th was (*unknowingly*) chosen by Unbitterness btw.)
* * * Added the color `Unbitterness' Favorite Color`.
* * * Replaced the color `Light Blue` with `BOB's Favorite Color`.
* * * Removed the color `Blue` (because it didn't go well with the texture of the platforms).
* * Updated the Four Corners game:
* * * Replaced `Purple` with `Unbitterness' Favorite Color`.
* * * When one of the colored platforms is being lowered the text on top of them is no longer abruptly removed.
* * Updated the Four Corners: Reversed game:
* * * Replaced `Purple` with `Unbitterness' Favorite Color`.
* * * When one of the colored platforms is being lowered the text on top of them is no longer abruptly removed.
* Another thing has been added that will only appear on the 24th of any month as well: The old [Game Rooms Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Game-Rooms-Dock)! (Day also (*unknowingly*) chosen by Unbitterness btw.)
* * Once it turns the 24th of any month the dock will be placed in all existing and new servers. At 11:45 PM the dock entrance's dock entrance type will be changed. Then at midnight the gate of the dock entrance will be raised. Finally at 15 minutes after the gate is raised the dock will be removed.
* * * Each of these timed events has a margin of error of at most a minute (not counting the accuracy of lua API).
* Remodeled the model used for dock entrances. It has a lot more detail than the previous one and is overall more lighter.
* The plant beds model has been removed and replaced with a single plant bed in the center of the map where the Player Conveyors used to be.
* * It includes stuff like taller trees and use of Roblox's grass.
* * As a result of this change other changes have happened:
* * * Added 1 (but technically 2) new street light designs.
* * * Moved the Player Conveyors.
* * * Made the middle of the map 30 studs wider.
* * * Moved the map slightly up in order to be on par with Roblox terrain's 4x4x4 size.
* The chat has been reforked with all the custom edits being completely remade from scratch. This new forked chat has futures like:
* * A completely custom mute and unmute command system. It can mute and unmute more than one player at the same time and does not require an entire username to be typed out.
* * * If you don't provide the commands something to search usernames with the commands will run on all the players. Note that this is not intentional and has no guarantee of staying like this.
* * The ability to @ players. When someone @ you the background of the message will be different.
* * A new system which lists the time messages were sent. It also makes a time header when a message is sent and the time since the previous time header is more than an hour.
* * If you start a message off with a slash it will not be sent but instead will return an error saying that the command does not exist (unless one does actually exist).
* * The ability to see what commands you typed in the list of messages. (Only you can see the message.)
* * Support for rich text. Players can't utilize it though.
* * The channels bar is now visible. Although notably the System channel is hidden.
* * Redesigned system messages. They are made to look like a player but with a few notable differences.
* * The ability to see if a system message is from a command and what command that is. This is only supported on custom made system messages.
* * Chat localization is now locked on English due to there being custom system messages.
* * The ability to have select messages not echo into the main channel. This is primarily used in custom made commands.
* * When a user that is the last person that sent a message in a channel sends another message in that channel their user info will not be displayed. For every 10th message a user sends it will display their user info.
* Changed the most key lighting settings
* * The game will appear brighter and shadows will not make the area affected by them pitch black.
* * * Sadly this isn't a good change in some places like the window showcases but because overall it's a good change I'm keeping it.
* There's now a more unified way to have a time zone used by most of the game. Look for the new statistic on the [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock) for the time zone being used.
* * The two previously listed things that happen on the 24th use the time zone listed. No other parts of the game use it as of this update.
* Added other changes to the [Server And Game Info Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Docks/Server-And-Game-Info-Dock) as well:
* * Fixed the server running time statistic. It wasn't necessarily broken, it was just off by around 30 seconds usually. Now it's off by around 1 second to a really long small decimal.
* * The private server owner user id statistic has been shortened to private server owner and now displays the username instead.
* Added some improvements to the dock entrance system:
* * Most notable is because of the remodel dock entrance types now the ability to control some new lights that I like to call warning lights. As of this update only the 3 new dock entrance types use it.
* * Improved some major parts of the system like for example there are now default values for dock entrance type data values. Although note that's really the only notable difference.
* Rotated the entire map. Only did this because it drove me nuts.
* * You shouldn't be able to notice this change as all the immediately obvious bugs caused by this change have been fixed but there is a chance there could be others. That is why it's being mentioned here in the first place.
* * The sun and moon will set and rise 90 degrees off to the side due to the map rotation.
* Set the time of day to noon... for now?
* Added six new dock entrance types:
* * [Temporarily Open](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open)
* * [Temporarily Open - Closing Soon](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open-Closing-Soon)
* * [Temporarily Open - Closed Live](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Temporarily-Open-Closed-Live)
* * [Open - New Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Open-New-Dock)
* * [Under Maintenance - New Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Under-Maintenance-New-Dock)
* * [Closed - New Dock](/RBAP-Wiki/Wiki/Dock-Types/Closed-New-Dock)
* Added two more dock entrances to both main sides of the map
* Flipped around Spring and Summer color palettes.
* Changed the color, material, and height of the area beneath the entrance elevator to match the area beneath most of the center of the map.
* Reduced Z-fighting on the rainbow dance floor when looking at it from a distance.
* Disabled 3 spawn locations. 1 on the top floor and 2 on the bottom floor.
* Removed the barriers around the map due to the Wheel of Oddities dock
* Added a few minor changes to 2 systems which manage the reset button and falling off of the map respectively:
* * Both systems now take into account whether a spawn location is actually enabled or not. Also they now make sure that it's an actual spawn location too.
* * The system that manages players' characters that have fallen off the map now checks player character locations every second instead of every quarter second.