---
permalink: /wiki/posts/update-log/5-3-0
title: "V5.3.0 Update Log"
short_description: "This update is mostly centered around new and improved Halloween decorations but there are also some (text) chat improvements."
update_published_at: "2021-12-25 10:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-12-25 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-12-25 00:00:00 +00:00"
published_time_uses_pst: true
published_time_uses_pdt: false
pinned: true
tags:
  - V5
  - Improvements Only
  - Most Recent
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* Improved the [Halloween decorations]({{- "/wiki/timed-changes#halloween-decorations-get-placed" | relative_url -}}).
* * Remade most of them and added placement animations to all of them so they no longer appear out of nowhere.
* Improved the [game's custom (text) chat]({{- "/wiki/chat" | relative_url -}}).
* * Integrated the chat with [Roblox's Avatar Context Menu](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/articles/Avatar-Context-Menu).
* * * Now when you click on a message sent from a player the menu will appear.
* * Now when you click on certain messages (mostly system ones) the text in the chat bar gets changed.
* * * In this update this is mostly used for setting the text back to what it was before it was sent.

{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* Improved the [Halloween decorations]({{- "/wiki/timed-changes#halloween-decorations-get-placed" | relative_url -}}).
* * Remove most decorations and added new ones and animated all of them so they no longer just appear out of nowhere.
* * The Player Conveyors now change colors while decorations for Halloween are placed.
* Improved the [game's custom (text) chat]({{- "/wiki/chat" | relative_url -}}).
* * Integrated the chat with [Roblox's Avatar Context Menu](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/articles/Avatar-Context-Menu).
* * * There are three custom buttons on it that help you to do stuff like muting/unmuting a player and private messaging a player.
* * * Now when you click on a message sent from a player (*that is not yourself*) the menu will appear.
* * Now when you click on certain messages (mostly system ones) the text in the chat bar gets changed.
* * * In this update this is mostly used for setting the text back to what it was before it was sent.
* * * The messages that this applies to are:
* * * * Ones where it's showing you a command you tried to use (successfully or unsuccessfully). Although whether it works in a certain scenario is decided by the command that was used.
* * * * Certain message regulation error messages. If one does support it will be mentioned in the error message itself.
* * * * System messages sent due to a friend joining and joining a friend.
* * The mute commands now support only searching player usernames instead of searching through display names and user IDs as well.
* * * In order to use it simply add the @ character before you type the username. The username typed is not case sensitive but it must be spelled the exact same as a player's username. 
* * * * This was really only intended for use in the custom buttons added to [Roblox's Avatar Context Menu](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/articles/Avatar-Context-Menu).
* * The chat now checks users' chat privacy settings in a more context-aware way.
* * * Or in other words instead of just checking the sending and receiving player alone it will now check the sending and the receiving player together. (Applies to everything, not just private messaging.)
* * Uppercase characters are now regulated.
* * * Meaning you cannot have some amount of uppercase characters in a message at a time.
* * Message regulation and sending now plays more nicely with Unicode characters.
* The [NPC that types lines of code into the fake console]({{- "/wiki/controller-npc" | relative_url -}}) has received some lines of code improvements.
* * The following lines have been added (because of the Halloween related changes):
* * * `Halloween.SummonDecorations:FestivalGrounds()`
* * * `Halloween.RemoveDecorations:FestivalGrounds()`
* * * `Halloween.SummonDecorations:Miscellaneous()`
* * * `Halloween.RemoveDecorations:Miscellaneous()`
* * * `EnablePumpkinHead(true)`
* * * `EnablePumpkinHead(false)`
* * * `Halloween:SetPlayerConveyorsColor(true)`
* * * `Halloween:SetPlayerConveyorsColor(false)`
* * The following lines have been edited:
* * * `NightModule.StreetLights:On()` is now `Night.StreetLights:On()`
* * * `NightModule.StreetLights:Off()` is now `Night.StreetLights:Off()`
* Added back [Roblox's Avatar Context Menu](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/articles/Avatar-Context-Menu) for some of the aforementioned chat improvements. (It used to be in the game a few years ago FYI.)
* * There's a few default buttons that have been removed due to uselessness and/or chat compatibility reasons.

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}