---
permalink: /Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0
title: "V3.0.0 Update Log"
short_description: "This update is so impactful it is hard to summarize it within the character limit of this line of text."
update_published_at: "2021-01-08 14:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-04-16 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-05-26 00:00:00 +00:00"
tags:
  - V3
  - Biggest Yet
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/update-Log/3-0-0
  - /Posts/Update-log/3-0-0
  - /Posts/update-log/3-0-0
  - /Posts/Update-Log/3-0-0/
  - /Posts/update-Log/3-0-0/
  - /Posts/Update-log/3-0-0/
  - /Posts/update-log/3-0-0/
  
  - /Update-Log/3-0-0
  - /update-Log/3-0-0
  - /Update-log/3-0-0
  - /update-log/3-0-0
  - /Update-Log/3-0-0/
  - /update-Log/3-0-0/
  - /Update-log/3-0-0/
  - /update-log/3-0-0/
  
  - /Update/3-0-0
  - /update/3-0-0
  - /Update/3-0-0/
  - /update/3-0-0/
  
  - /V3-0-0
  - /v3-0-0
  - /V3-0-0/
  - /v3-0-0/
  
  - /V3
  - /v3
  - /V3/
  - /v3/
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* This is by far the update that has been worked on for the longest time. This update started being worked on a few days after phase 3 of Roblox's new lighting system was put into beta in June. I wouldn't be surprised if this has been worked on for over half a year at this point.
* Overview of the changes:
* * First and foremost Roblox's V3 of their new lighting technology has been added to the game
* * 2 new dock types were added, 1 removed
* * 6 new docks were added
* * A whole bunch of changes to the backend of the systems that run the docks were added
* * The music system got a revamp
* * The intro got removed and replaced with a much quicker version
* * The game now decides which season it is based on real world time - It does it based on what month it is and does not look at what day it is
* * Most screen UI has been removed
* * * Some of it has been moved into a dock of its own
* * The stage (which is one of the oldest parts of the game) got a revamped

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

* The game now uses Roblox's newest version of their new lighting technology. - This is what this update mainly revolves around (or at least what it started with).
* Changes to docks:
* * The bridges of dock entrances now have smoother animations when going up or down.
* * The scripts that manage each dock have been improved (by a lot) (to mainly make room for the new way of individual lighting of each light on the top of the dock entrance).
* * Instead of just one point of light coming from the lights at the top of the dock entrance each light now has its own point of light.
* * The portal dock type has been removed.
* * Added the server dock type.
* The username in the signs describing where the inspiration came from on the "Bob the Mob" dock now auto updates.
* The light coming from the lighthouse now has a smoother animation (along with something that I threw in for quite literally no reason that happens every <s class="spoiler">30 minutes</s>).
* The fire pit will no longer hurt you when stepped on.
* * Because of that the text above the fire indicating that the fire does damage has been removed.
* The font and design of a good majority of the text in the game has changed.
* The key card door has been removed. - Don't currently have plans to add it back but I might in the future.
* Every form of light in the game (not including the window showcase dock) has been changed in some way.
* A lot of the old barriers were removed and replaced with more organized versions of them. - They're in pretty much the same locations as the old ones but they're a lot more organized.
* Added a new respawn system:
* * (I have been wanting to be able to say this for a while now:) Falling off the edge of the main map now (pretty much) seamlessly teleports you a little bit above the spawn locations at the bottom part of the entrance elevator.
* * The respawn button will now be disabled at the correct times (an example is when you're in the intro).
* * When clicking/tapping on the respawn button (when enabled) it will now do basically the same thing as falling off the edge of the mian map but the only thing different is it will reload your character instead of just instantly straight-up teleporting you. (Also an another difference is it will not care if your character does not exist as it will still do the same stuff.)
* The portal dock has been removed.
* The trees in the middle of the main map are no longer a set model and the size of each leaf, the rotation of each leaf, and the amount of leafs are all randomized (in between a predetermined maximum and minimum of course).
* Added the server dock which is a dock that shows information about not only the server but the game as well.
* * The game now has proper version numbers, the version numbers are starting from the first recorded update in this update log (the update log has been updated accordingly as well). - FYI this was originally written for the old update logs post on the Rolbox dev forum and not the wiki.
* A new music system made by BOB has been added. (Btw it uses a forked version of "[Zone+](https://devforum.roblox.com/t//397465)" to determine what zone you're in.)
* * The old music system has been removed.
* Slowed down the game's global rainbow effect by 75%. - This was changed because at the speed that it was going I felt like it might hurt people's eyes a little.
* **Some** of the music that used to be used in the game has been removed.
* Changes to what lines of "code" the guy types into the computer with the fake console open:
* * 6 new lines of "code" have been added to what he will type:
* * * Entry: `print(HowMuchOfGameIsMadeByBOB)`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>A lot of it as there are only a few things in this game that are not made by BOB</code></s>
* * * Entry: `local Answer = QuestionAnswerer("Why does BOB make me type out fake lines of code into this fake console?") print(Answer)`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>Not even he remembers why</code></s>
* * * Entry: `if true == false then print("What is logic?") end`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>What is logic?</code></s>
* * * Entry: `print("Yes")`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>I already do enough work for you. You make me run the same lines of code over and over again constantly!</code></s>
* * * Entry: `local Answer = QuestionAnswerer("Who is BOB?") print(Answer)`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>BOB is the creator (and owner) of this game and he has also created most stuff in this game</code></s>
* * * Entry: `local Answer = QuestionAnswerer("Did BOB write this question?") print(Answer)`
Output: <s class="spoiler"><code>:b</code></s>
* The no standing zone joke dock will instead of just killing players that walk on top of the dock no matter what it will now only do it if a player that is on top of it stops moving (which now means what the sign says actually happens!).
* * For an added bonus now if a player gets killed by it they will have a <s class="spoiler">1 in 10</s> chance of exploding for comedic value. :b
* Changes to the color mixing dock:
* * The code that makes the text animation work has been remade to be a little bit more cleaner and not a big mess.
* * The pipe out the back now has brighter particles coming out of it when active.
* * Added more space for more colors in the color mixing station dock which means there is a wider variety of colors to select from.
* Some guy (that totally isn't me (BOB)) with a stencil did some graffiti all around the map depicting various different fun facts... <s class="spoiler">some of them hidden...</s>
* This has been something that I've been wanting to do for a while but haven't been able to do it until now: Roblox characters in the game that feature me or RBAP's System now auto update!
* Because of that last change the information dock has been remade a little:
* * Roblox characters that are of me or RBAP's System now auto update of course.
* * The pedestals that the characters stand on have been remade.
* * The invisible barrier in front of the characters has been removed.
* * There is now a sign behind the characters explaining what that dock is.
* * Wendalilah's (old/current) Roblox character has been added to the list.
* The conveyor belts in the center of the main map have also went through some changes:
* * The most noticeable change is they've been entirely remade and are no longer made of just one part. - Inspiration for the idea came from RB Battles' season 2 hub.
* * Another noticeable change is there is now a moving texture in the conveyor belts (Fun fact: That is how it used to be a while ago (although the note right below this was not a part of it)).
* * The speed at which the texture goes is calculated based on how long the conveyor belt is and is not a set number. (Another fun fact is because it didn't used to do that that was the reason why the moving texture was removed a while ago.)
* * The speed of the conveyor belt is identical to the speed of the texture in it. (Note that the texture in it does weird visual glitches (which is most notable when you're riding on top the conveyor) and there's nothing I can do about it.)
* Added the construction barrier dock.
* Most of the docks have been rearranged due to a new system that has been implemented that helps me organize them better.
* Made edits to a lot of docks in the game.
* The old window showcase has been remade! Don't worry the old one is not going away because of it.
* The old Roblox logos 3D recreation dock has been added back.
* Removed the stabilizers on all docks (or at least the ones that are planned to be supported long-term).
* The game now adapts to real life seasons (which the game calculates using the UTC time zone). - Note that it only uses months and not days.
* * It isn't perfect because for Spring I couldn't find really anything that I feel is realistic when I was searching for what the colors of leaves are for each season so I just made it a darker version of the Summer leaves and grass colors.
* The camera script that the game uses to manage the player's camera has finally been updated to (a fork of) the default Roblox one. - It wasn't updated to it until now because originally I didn't know how to make it so you can't actually look through objects with a certain amount of transparency like for example glass as it is still fully visible even when it's marked as very transparent but the default camera script does not respect that.
* Forked the default Roblox chat and here are the changes that have been added to it:
* * The mute and unmute commands are now a lot more lenient on what text you put into them as it no longer requires you to type the entire username. Note that if more than one player qualifies for your request to be muted it will just pick the first player on it's list and mute/unmute that player.
* * The default team channels and team change notifications have been removed.
* Most UI on your screen has been removed.
* * Some of it has been moved into a dock of its own.
* Technically added rainbow parties but they were removed before making it to the main game due to lag. - RIP rainbow parties.
* The light in the lighthouse has been shut off because the code that runs it is in need of an update and does not work in its current version.
* The stage (which is one of the oldest parts of the game) has been revamped.
* * The old one has been completely removed and rebuilt from the ground up using the old one as a little bit of a base to go off of.
* * The music effects visual has also been updated (apart from being moved).
* * * The code that sets how tall each part is will now takes into account the volume of the audio being played.
* * * Because the parts were moved the number that helps in the equation to decide how tall the parts should be has been raised (meaning the parts overall height has been lowered).
* * There is now a now playing sign in the stage which will show what song that is currently playing.
* Added some more music to the default music zone.
* Remove the a few (not really at all upbeat) songs from the stage's music zone.
