---
permalink: /wiki/posts/update-log/3-0-1
title: "V3.0.1 Update Log"
short_description: "This update primarily consists of improvements to few features and fixes for the 2 docks that had features disabled because of them being broken."
update_published_at: "2021-01-11 22:00:00 +00:00"
post_created_at: "2021-04-16 00:00:00 +00:00"
post_updated_at: "2021-10-06 00:00:00 +00:00"
tags:
  - V3
  - Improvements Only
redirect_from:
  - /Posts/Update-Log/3-0-1
---

# Summary of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* This update primarily consists of improvements to few features and fixes for the 2 docks that had features disabled because of them being broken.

{EndUpdateSummariesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

# List of its changes
{: .update-log-section-title}

{StartUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}

* Completely rewrote from the ground up the system that manages the dock entrances. - In case you're wondering I didn't really do it for any particular reason.
* * Since it was from the ground up a few dock entrance types might look a little bit different. - Like for example the colors of the lights and/or the text on the sign might be different for certain dock entrance types compared to how it was previously.
* To try to prevent the weird light glitching a system has been implemented making it so certain types of lights that there are many copies in the game (like for example the street lights in the middle of the map) will only cast a shadow depending on how near your character is to them.
* * The glitching might still happen from time to time but it will not happen as much as it did before.
* The ground material of a few of the docks has been changed from the default gray + no detail.
* * This change includes the following docks:
* * * The [NPCs Key Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/npcs-key-dock" | relative_url -}})
* * * The [Construction Barrier Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/construction-barrier-dock" | relative_url -}})
* * * The [Donations Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/donations-dock" | relative_url -}})
* * * The [Server And Game Info Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/server-and-game-info-dock" | relative_url -}})
* * * The [Color Mixer Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/color-mixer-dock" | relative_url -}}) (which currently isn't in the game" | relative_url -}})
* * * The [No Standing Joke Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/no-standing-joke-dock" | relative_url -}})
* Fixed and reenabled the light in the [Lighthouse Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/lighthouse-dock" | relative_url -}}).
* Fixed the mine on the [Mine Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/mine-dock" | relative_url -}}) (meaning the dock is no longer marked as under maintenance).
* The [NPCs Key Dock]({{- "/wiki/docks/npcs-key-dock" | relative_url -}}) has lost its system dock status and is now considered a normal dock. - This was caused by me rethinking the definition of a system dock.
* Shrunk the map size a little. - In case you're wondering it wasn't for any particular reason.
* `*Cough*` Added a easter egg that happens on <s class="spoiler">April 1st</s> (UTC). `*Cough*`

{EndUpdateChangesList}
{: .internal-use-only}